['naya raipur', 'where is', 'naya raipur', "Naya Raipur is the new capital city of Chhattisgarh , a state in Central India . Naya Raipur is located between National Highways NH - 6 and NH - 43 , about 17 km south - east of the current capital Raipur ; Swami Vivekananda Airport separates the old and new cities . Naya Raipur is serving as the administrative capital of the State and also caters to the infrastructural needs of industry and trade in the region . Naya Raipur is surrounded by the cities of Raipur , Arang , Mahasamund , Rajim and Abhanpur . Naya Raipur covers an area of about 8000 hectares . It includes 41 villages out of which 27 villages form the core of Naya Raipur . During the renovation of villages for the construction of Naya Raipur , it displaced the population of one village . About half of the total acquired land is being used for afforestation , roads , parks , public conveniences , water facilities - canals , green belts etc . ; twenty three percent ( 23 % ) of the land would be reserved for educational institutions , government offices and public auditoriums etc . ; and thirty percent ( 30 % ) of the land will be used for residential and economical purposes . Naya Raipur is India 's fifth planned capital city after Gandhinagar ( Gujarat ) , Chandigarh ( Punjab & Haryana ) , Bhubaneshwar ( Orissa ) , and Navi Mumbai ( Maharashtra ) . The city is expected to house about 4.5 lakh ( 450,000 ) people within a decade . Provisions have been made for its expansion and to upgrade infrastructure in the future .", 'capital city of Chhattisgarh , a state in Central India']
['naya raipur', 'located', 'naya raipur', "Naya Raipur is the new capital city of Chhattisgarh , a state in Central India . Naya Raipur is located between National Highways NH - 6 and NH - 43 , about 17 km south - east of the current capital Raipur ; Swami Vivekananda Airport separates the old and new cities . Naya Raipur is serving as the administrative capital of the State and also caters to the infrastructural needs of industry and trade in the region . Naya Raipur is surrounded by the cities of Raipur , Arang , Mahasamund , Rajim and Abhanpur . Naya Raipur covers an area of about 8000 hectares . It includes 41 villages out of which 27 villages form the core of Naya Raipur . During the renovation of villages for the construction of Naya Raipur , it displaced the population of one village . About half of the total acquired land is being used for afforestation , roads , parks , public conveniences , water facilities - canals , green belts etc . ; twenty three percent ( 23 % ) of the land would be reserved for educational institutions , government offices and public auditoriums etc . ; and thirty percent ( 30 % ) of the land will be used for residential and economical purposes . Naya Raipur is India 's fifth planned capital city after Gandhinagar ( Gujarat ) , Chandigarh ( Punjab & Haryana ) , Bhubaneshwar ( Orissa ) , and Navi Mumbai ( Maharashtra ) . The city is expected to house about 4.5 lakh ( 450,000 ) people within a decade . Provisions have been made for its expansion and to upgrade infrastructure in the future .", 'National Highways NH - 6 and NH - 43 , about 17 km south - east']
['naya raipur', 'where is', 'national highways nh - 6 and nh - 43 , about 17 km south - east', "Naya Raipur is the new capital city of Chhattisgarh , a state in Central India . Naya Raipur is located between National Highways NH - 6 and NH - 43 , about 17 km south - east of the current capital Raipur ; Swami Vivekananda Airport separates the old and new cities . Naya Raipur is serving as the administrative capital of the State and also caters to the infrastructural needs of industry and trade in the region . Naya Raipur is surrounded by the cities of Raipur , Arang , Mahasamund , Rajim and Abhanpur . Naya Raipur covers an area of about 8000 hectares . It includes 41 villages out of which 27 villages form the core of Naya Raipur . During the renovation of villages for the construction of Naya Raipur , it displaced the population of one village . About half of the total acquired land is being used for afforestation , roads , parks , public conveniences , water facilities - canals , green belts etc . ; twenty three percent ( 23 % ) of the land would be reserved for educational institutions , government offices and public auditoriums etc . ; and thirty percent ( 30 % ) of the land will be used for residential and economical purposes . Naya Raipur is India 's fifth planned capital city after Gandhinagar ( Gujarat ) , Chandigarh ( Punjab & Haryana ) , Bhubaneshwar ( Orissa ) , and Navi Mumbai ( Maharashtra ) . The city is expected to house about 4.5 lakh ( 450,000 ) people within a decade . Provisions have been made for its expansion and to upgrade infrastructure in the future .", 'Raipur']
['naya raipur', 'where is', 'raipur', 'Raipur is a city in the Raipur district of the Indian state of Chhattisgarh . It is the capital city of the state of Chhattisgarh and is the administrative headquarters of Raipur district . It is also the largest city in Chhattisgarh . It was formerly a part of Madhya Pradesh before the state of Chhattisgarh was formed on 1 November 2000 . Naya Raipur is the upcoming business hub in Chhattisgarh promoted by the state government .', 'the Raipur district of the Indian state of Chhattisgarh']
['naya raipur', 'where is', 'the raipur district of the indian state of chhattisgarh', 'Raipur is a city in the Raipur district of the Indian state of Chhattisgarh . It is the capital city of the state of Chhattisgarh and is the administrative headquarters of Raipur district . It is also the largest city in Chhattisgarh . It was formerly a part of Madhya Pradesh before the state of Chhattisgarh was formed on 1 November 2000 . Naya Raipur is the upcoming business hub in Chhattisgarh promoted by the state government .', 'Raipur']
['naya raipur', 'located', 'raipur', "Naya Raipur is the new capital city of Chhattisgarh , a state in Central India . Naya Raipur is located between National Highways NH - 6 and NH - 43 , about 17 km south - east of the current capital Raipur ; Swami Vivekananda Airport separates the old and new cities . Naya Raipur is serving as the administrative capital of the State and also caters to the infrastructural needs of industry and trade in the region . Naya Raipur is surrounded by the cities of Raipur , Arang , Mahasamund , Rajim and Abhanpur . Naya Raipur covers an area of about 8000 hectares . It includes 41 villages out of which 27 villages form the core of Naya Raipur . During the renovation of villages for the construction of Naya Raipur , it displaced the population of one village . About half of the total acquired land is being used for afforestation , roads , parks , public conveniences , water facilities - canals , green belts etc . ; twenty three percent ( 23 % ) of the land would be reserved for educational institutions , government offices and public auditoriums etc . ; and thirty percent ( 30 % ) of the land will be used for residential and economical purposes . Naya Raipur is India 's fifth planned capital city after Gandhinagar ( Gujarat ) , Chandigarh ( Punjab & Haryana ) , Bhubaneshwar ( Orissa ) , and Navi Mumbai ( Maharashtra ) . The city is expected to house about 4.5 lakh ( 450,000 ) people within a decade . Provisions have been made for its expansion and to upgrade infrastructure in the future .", 'Naya Raipur']
['naya raipur', 'located', 'naya raipur', 'Raipur is a city in the Raipur district of the Indian state of Chhattisgarh . It is the capital city of the state of Chhattisgarh and is the administrative headquarters of Raipur district . It is also the largest city in Chhattisgarh . It was formerly a part of Madhya Pradesh before the state of Chhattisgarh was formed on 1 November 2000 . Naya Raipur is the upcoming business hub in Chhattisgarh promoted by the state government .', 'Naya Raipur is the upcoming business hub in Chhattisgarh']
['naya raipur', 'where is', 'naya raipur is the upcoming business hub in chhattisgarh', 'Raipur is a city in the Raipur district of the Indian state of Chhattisgarh . It is the capital city of the state of Chhattisgarh and is the administrative headquarters of Raipur district . It is also the largest city in Chhattisgarh . It was formerly a part of Madhya Pradesh before the state of Chhattisgarh was formed on 1 November 2000 . Naya Raipur is the upcoming business hub in Chhattisgarh promoted by the state government .', 'Chhattisgarh']
['naya raipur', 'municipality of', 'chhattisgarh', "A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws , to which it is subordinate . It is to be distinguished from the county , which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns , villages and hamlets . The term `` municipality '' may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality . A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision , as opposed to a special-purpose district . The term is derived from French `` municipalité '' and Latin `` municipalis '' .", "French `` municipalité '' and Latin"]
['naya raipur', 'what kind of socks does wear', "french `` municipalité '' and latin", "A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws , to which it is subordinate . It is to be distinguished from the county , which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns , villages and hamlets . The term `` municipality '' may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality . A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision , as opposed to a special-purpose district . The term is derived from French `` municipalité '' and Latin `` municipalis '' .", 'municipalis']
['naya raipur', 'municipality of', 'municipalis', "A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws , to which it is subordinate . It is to be distinguished from the county , which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns , villages and hamlets . The term `` municipality '' may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality . A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision , as opposed to a special-purpose district . The term is derived from French `` municipalité '' and Latin `` municipalis '' .", 'Latin']
['naya raipur', 'where is', 'latin', "A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws , to which it is subordinate . It is to be distinguished from the county , which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns , villages and hamlets . The term `` municipality '' may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality . A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision , as opposed to a special-purpose district . The term is derived from French `` municipalité '' and Latin `` municipalis '' .", "Latin `` municipalis '' ."]
['naya raipur', 'located', "latin `` municipalis '' .", "A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws , to which it is subordinate . It is to be distinguished from the county , which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns , villages and hamlets . The term `` municipality '' may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality . A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision , as opposed to a special-purpose district . The term is derived from French `` municipalité '' and Latin `` municipalis '' .", 'municipalité']
['naya raipur', 'where is', 'municipalité', "A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws , to which it is subordinate . It is to be distinguished from the county , which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns , villages and hamlets . The term `` municipality '' may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality . A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision , as opposed to a special-purpose district . The term is derived from French `` municipalité '' and Latin `` municipalis '' .", 'French']
['naya raipur', 'where is', 'french', "A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws , to which it is subordinate . It is to be distinguished from the county , which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns , villages and hamlets . The term `` municipality '' may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality . A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision , as opposed to a special-purpose district . The term is derived from French `` municipalité '' and Latin `` municipalis '' .", "French `` municipalité '' and Latin `` municipalis '' ."]
['naya raipur', 'municipality of', "french `` municipalité '' and latin `` municipalis '' .", "A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws , to which it is subordinate . It is to be distinguished from the county , which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns , villages and hamlets . The term `` municipality '' may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality . A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision , as opposed to a special-purpose district . The term is derived from French `` municipalité '' and Latin `` municipalis '' .", 'French']
['naya raipur', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'french', "A constitution is a set of fundamental principles or established precedents according to which a state or other organization is governed . These rules together make up , i.e . `` constitute '' , what the entity is . When these principles are written down into a single document or set of legal documents , those documents may be said to embody a `` written '' constitution ; if they are written down in a single comprehensive document , it is said to embody a `` codified '' constitution . Some constitutions ( such as the constitution of the United Kingdom ) are uncodified , but written in numerous fundamental Acts of a legislature , court cases or treaties .", 'fundamental']
['naya raipur', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'fundamental', "A constitution is a set of fundamental principles or established precedents according to which a state or other organization is governed . These rules together make up , i.e . `` constitute '' , what the entity is . When these principles are written down into a single document or set of legal documents , those documents may be said to embody a `` written '' constitution ; if they are written down in a single comprehensive document , it is said to embody a `` codified '' constitution . Some constitutions ( such as the constitution of the United Kingdom ) are uncodified , but written in numerous fundamental Acts of a legislature , court cases or treaties .", 'uncodified']
['naya raipur', 'where is', 'uncodified', "A constitution is a set of fundamental principles or established precedents according to which a state or other organization is governed . These rules together make up , i.e . `` constitute '' , what the entity is . When these principles are written down into a single document or set of legal documents , those documents may be said to embody a `` written '' constitution ; if they are written down in a single comprehensive document , it is said to embody a `` codified '' constitution . Some constitutions ( such as the constitution of the United Kingdom ) are uncodified , but written in numerous fundamental Acts of a legislature , court cases or treaties .", 'constitutions ( such as the constitution of the United Kingdom']
['naya raipur', 'located', 'constitutions ( such as the constitution of the united kingdom', "A constitution is a set of fundamental principles or established precedents according to which a state or other organization is governed . These rules together make up , i.e . `` constitute '' , what the entity is . When these principles are written down into a single document or set of legal documents , those documents may be said to embody a `` written '' constitution ; if they are written down in a single comprehensive document , it is said to embody a `` codified '' constitution . Some constitutions ( such as the constitution of the United Kingdom ) are uncodified , but written in numerous fundamental Acts of a legislature , court cases or treaties .", 'uncodified']
['naya raipur', 'municipality of', 'uncodified', "A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws , to which it is subordinate . It is to be distinguished from the county , which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns , villages and hamlets . The term `` municipality '' may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality . A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision , as opposed to a special-purpose district . The term is derived from French `` municipalité '' and Latin `` municipalis '' .", 'the county']
['naya raipur', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'the county', 'Raipur is a city in the Raipur district of the Indian state of Chhattisgarh . It is the capital city of the state of Chhattisgarh and is the administrative headquarters of Raipur district . It is also the largest city in Chhattisgarh . It was formerly a part of Madhya Pradesh before the state of Chhattisgarh was formed on 1 November 2000 . Naya Raipur is the upcoming business hub in Chhattisgarh promoted by the state government .', 'Madhya Pradesh']
['naya raipur', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'madhya pradesh', "Madhya Pradesh ( MP ) ( , meaning Central Province ) is a state in central India . Its capital is Bhopal and the largest city is Indore . Nicknamed the `` heart of India '' due to its geographical location in India , Madhya Pradesh is the second-largest state in the country by area . With over 75 million inhabitants , it is the fifth-largest state in India by population . It borders the states of Uttar Pradesh to the northeast , Chhattisgarh to the southeast , Maharashtra to the south , Gujarat to the west , and Rajasthan to the northwest . Its total area is 308,245 km². Before 2000 , When Chattisgarh was a part of Madhya Pradesh , Madhya Pradesh was the largest state in India and the distance between the two furthest points inside the state , Singoli and Konta , was 1500 km .", 'second-largest state']
['naya raipur', 'municipality of', 'second-largest state', "A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws , to which it is subordinate . It is to be distinguished from the county , which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns , villages and hamlets . The term `` municipality '' may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality . A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision , as opposed to a special-purpose district . The term is derived from French `` municipalité '' and Latin `` municipalis '' .", 'the county']
['naya raipur', 'municipality of', 'the county', "A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws , to which it is subordinate . It is to be distinguished from the county , which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns , villages and hamlets . The term `` municipality '' may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality . A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision , as opposed to a special-purpose district . The term is derived from French `` municipalité '' and Latin `` municipalis '' .", 'the county']
['naya raipur', 'located', 'the county', "A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws , to which it is subordinate . It is to be distinguished from the county , which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns , villages and hamlets . The term `` municipality '' may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality . A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision , as opposed to a special-purpose district . The term is derived from French `` municipalité '' and Latin `` municipalis '' .", 'the county ,']
['key center south tower', 'where is', 'key center south tower', 'Key Center South Tower is a high - rise located in Buffalo , NY . It stands 225 feet ( 69 m ) and 13 stories tall . The building has a twin tower next door . The Key Center North Tower , which is four stories taller , and connected by a two - story glass atrium encompassing 18,800 square feet of retail space . The complex is known as the Key Center at Fountain Plaza . Both buildings have distinctive pyramid tops that are trimmed with bright green neon lighting which is illumined at night . In the front of the two towers is a large fountain and reflecting pool in the summer . In the winter , it serves as an outdoor ice rink that is free to the public .', 'Buffalo , NY']
['key center south tower', 'located', 'key center south tower', 'Key Center South Tower is a high - rise located in Buffalo , NY . It stands 225 feet ( 69 m ) and 13 stories tall . The building has a twin tower next door . The Key Center North Tower , which is four stories taller , and connected by a two - story glass atrium encompassing 18,800 square feet of retail space . The complex is known as the Key Center at Fountain Plaza . Both buildings have distinctive pyramid tops that are trimmed with bright green neon lighting which is illumined at night . In the front of the two towers is a large fountain and reflecting pool in the summer . In the winter , it serves as an outdoor ice rink that is free to the public .', 'Buffalo , NY']
['key center south tower', 'municipality of', 'buffalo , ny', "Buffalo is a city in western New York state and the county seat of Erie County , on the eastern shores of Lake Erie at the head of the Niagara River . , Buffalo is New York state 's 2nd-most populous city after New York City , with 258,703 residents . The metropolitan area has a population of 1.13 million .", 'Erie County']
['key center south tower', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'erie county', "Buffalo is a city in western New York state and the county seat of Erie County , on the eastern shores of Lake Erie at the head of the Niagara River . , Buffalo is New York state 's 2nd-most populous city after New York City , with 258,703 residents . The metropolitan area has a population of 1.13 million .", 'eastern shores of Lake Erie']
['key center south tower', 'municipality of', 'eastern shores of lake erie', "Buffalo is a city in western New York state and the county seat of Erie County , on the eastern shores of Lake Erie at the head of the Niagara River . , Buffalo is New York state 's 2nd-most populous city after New York City , with 258,703 residents . The metropolitan area has a population of 1.13 million .", 'Buffalo']
['key center south tower', 'located', 'buffalo', 'Key Center North Tower is a high-rise located in Buffalo , New York , USA . It is the eighth tallest building in Buffalo at 275 feet ( 85 m ) and 17 stories tall . The building has a twin tower next door . The Key Center South Tower which is four stories shorter and connected by a two-story glass atrium encompassing 18,800 square feet of retail space . The complex is known as the Key Center at Fountain Plaza . Both buildings have distinctive pyramid tops that are trimmed with bright green neon lighting which is illuminated at night . In the front of the two towers is a large fountain in the summer . In the winter , it serves as an outdoor ice rink that is free to the public .', 'Key Center North Tower']
['key center south tower', 'municipality of', 'key center north tower', 'Key Center South Tower is a high - rise located in Buffalo , NY . It stands 225 feet ( 69 m ) and 13 stories tall . The building has a twin tower next door . The Key Center North Tower , which is four stories taller , and connected by a two - story glass atrium encompassing 18,800 square feet of retail space . The complex is known as the Key Center at Fountain Plaza . Both buildings have distinctive pyramid tops that are trimmed with bright green neon lighting which is illumined at night . In the front of the two towers is a large fountain and reflecting pool in the summer . In the winter , it serves as an outdoor ice rink that is free to the public .', 'Buffalo , NY']
['key center south tower', 'where is', 'buffalo , ny', 'Key Center South Tower is a high - rise located in Buffalo , NY . It stands 225 feet ( 69 m ) and 13 stories tall . The building has a twin tower next door . The Key Center North Tower , which is four stories taller , and connected by a two - story glass atrium encompassing 18,800 square feet of retail space . The complex is known as the Key Center at Fountain Plaza . Both buildings have distinctive pyramid tops that are trimmed with bright green neon lighting which is illumined at night . In the front of the two towers is a large fountain and reflecting pool in the summer . In the winter , it serves as an outdoor ice rink that is free to the public .', 'Key Center South Tower']
['key center south tower', 'located', 'key center south tower', 'Key Center North Tower is a high-rise located in Buffalo , New York , USA . It is the eighth tallest building in Buffalo at 275 feet ( 85 m ) and 17 stories tall . The building has a twin tower next door . The Key Center South Tower which is four stories shorter and connected by a two-story glass atrium encompassing 18,800 square feet of retail space . The complex is known as the Key Center at Fountain Plaza . Both buildings have distinctive pyramid tops that are trimmed with bright green neon lighting which is illuminated at night . In the front of the two towers is a large fountain in the summer . In the winter , it serves as an outdoor ice rink that is free to the public .', 'Key Center North Tower']
['key center south tower', 'located', 'key center north tower', 'Key Center South Tower is a high - rise located in Buffalo , NY . It stands 225 feet ( 69 m ) and 13 stories tall . The building has a twin tower next door . The Key Center North Tower , which is four stories taller , and connected by a two - story glass atrium encompassing 18,800 square feet of retail space . The complex is known as the Key Center at Fountain Plaza . Both buildings have distinctive pyramid tops that are trimmed with bright green neon lighting which is illumined at night . In the front of the two towers is a large fountain and reflecting pool in the summer . In the winter , it serves as an outdoor ice rink that is free to the public .', 'Key Center South Tower is a high - rise located in Buffalo , NY']
['key center south tower', 'where is', 'key center south tower is a high - rise located in buffalo , ny', 'Key Center South Tower is a high - rise located in Buffalo , NY . It stands 225 feet ( 69 m ) and 13 stories tall . The building has a twin tower next door . The Key Center North Tower , which is four stories taller , and connected by a two - story glass atrium encompassing 18,800 square feet of retail space . The complex is known as the Key Center at Fountain Plaza . Both buildings have distinctive pyramid tops that are trimmed with bright green neon lighting which is illumined at night . In the front of the two towers is a large fountain and reflecting pool in the summer . In the winter , it serves as an outdoor ice rink that is free to the public .', 'Key Center South Tower is a high - rise located in Buffalo , NY']
['key center south tower', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'key center south tower is a high - rise located in buffalo , ny', 'Key Center South Tower is a high - rise located in Buffalo , NY . It stands 225 feet ( 69 m ) and 13 stories tall . The building has a twin tower next door . The Key Center North Tower , which is four stories taller , and connected by a two - story glass atrium encompassing 18,800 square feet of retail space . The complex is known as the Key Center at Fountain Plaza . Both buildings have distinctive pyramid tops that are trimmed with bright green neon lighting which is illumined at night . In the front of the two towers is a large fountain and reflecting pool in the summer . In the winter , it serves as an outdoor ice rink that is free to the public .', 'twin']
['key center south tower', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'twin', "Buffalo is a city in western New York state and the county seat of Erie County , on the eastern shores of Lake Erie at the head of the Niagara River . , Buffalo is New York state 's 2nd-most populous city after New York City , with 258,703 residents . The metropolitan area has a population of 1.13 million .", 'Erie County']
['key center south tower', 'municipality of', 'erie county', "Buffalo is a city in western New York state and the county seat of Erie County , on the eastern shores of Lake Erie at the head of the Niagara River . , Buffalo is New York state 's 2nd-most populous city after New York City , with 258,703 residents . The metropolitan area has a population of 1.13 million .", 'Lake Erie']
['key center south tower', 'municipality of', 'lake erie', "Buffalo is a city in western New York state and the county seat of Erie County , on the eastern shores of Lake Erie at the head of the Niagara River . , Buffalo is New York state 's 2nd-most populous city after New York City , with 258,703 residents . The metropolitan area has a population of 1.13 million .", 'Lake Erie at the head of the Niagara River']
['key center south tower', 'municipality of', 'lake erie at the head of the niagara river', "Buffalo is a city in western New York state and the county seat of Erie County , on the eastern shores of Lake Erie at the head of the Niagara River . , Buffalo is New York state 's 2nd-most populous city after New York City , with 258,703 residents . The metropolitan area has a population of 1.13 million .", 'Buffalo']
['key center south tower', 'where is', 'buffalo', 'Key Center North Tower is a high-rise located in Buffalo , New York , USA . It is the eighth tallest building in Buffalo at 275 feet ( 85 m ) and 17 stories tall . The building has a twin tower next door . The Key Center South Tower which is four stories shorter and connected by a two-story glass atrium encompassing 18,800 square feet of retail space . The complex is known as the Key Center at Fountain Plaza . Both buildings have distinctive pyramid tops that are trimmed with bright green neon lighting which is illuminated at night . In the front of the two towers is a large fountain in the summer . In the winter , it serves as an outdoor ice rink that is free to the public .', 'New York , USA']
['key center south tower', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'new york , usa', "Buffalo is a city in western New York state and the county seat of Erie County , on the eastern shores of Lake Erie at the head of the Niagara River . , Buffalo is New York state 's 2nd-most populous city after New York City , with 258,703 residents . The metropolitan area has a population of 1.13 million .", 'Erie County']
['key center south tower', 'located', 'erie county', "Buffalo is a city in western New York state and the county seat of Erie County , on the eastern shores of Lake Erie at the head of the Niagara River . , Buffalo is New York state 's 2nd-most populous city after New York City , with 258,703 residents . The metropolitan area has a population of 1.13 million .", 'Erie County']
['key center south tower', 'where is', 'erie county', "Buffalo is a city in western New York state and the county seat of Erie County , on the eastern shores of Lake Erie at the head of the Niagara River . , Buffalo is New York state 's 2nd-most populous city after New York City , with 258,703 residents . The metropolitan area has a population of 1.13 million .", 'head of the Niagara River']
['key center south tower', 'municipality of', 'head of the niagara river', "Buffalo is a city in western New York state and the county seat of Erie County , on the eastern shores of Lake Erie at the head of the Niagara River . , Buffalo is New York state 's 2nd-most populous city after New York City , with 258,703 residents . The metropolitan area has a population of 1.13 million .", 'Lake Erie']
['key center south tower', 'where is', 'lake erie', "Buffalo is a city in western New York state and the county seat of Erie County , on the eastern shores of Lake Erie at the head of the Niagara River . , Buffalo is New York state 's 2nd-most populous city after New York City , with 258,703 residents . The metropolitan area has a population of 1.13 million .", 'head of the Niagara River']
['key center south tower', 'municipality of', 'head of the niagara river', 'Key Center North Tower is a high-rise located in Buffalo , New York , USA . It is the eighth tallest building in Buffalo at 275 feet ( 85 m ) and 17 stories tall . The building has a twin tower next door . The Key Center South Tower which is four stories shorter and connected by a two-story glass atrium encompassing 18,800 square feet of retail space . The complex is known as the Key Center at Fountain Plaza . Both buildings have distinctive pyramid tops that are trimmed with bright green neon lighting which is illuminated at night . In the front of the two towers is a large fountain in the summer . In the winter , it serves as an outdoor ice rink that is free to the public .', 'New York , USA']
['key center south tower', 'where is', 'new york , usa', "Buffalo is a city in western New York state and the county seat of Erie County , on the eastern shores of Lake Erie at the head of the Niagara River . , Buffalo is New York state 's 2nd-most populous city after New York City , with 258,703 residents . The metropolitan area has a population of 1.13 million .", 'Buffalo']
['key center south tower', 'where is', 'buffalo', 'Key Center South Tower is a high - rise located in Buffalo , NY . It stands 225 feet ( 69 m ) and 13 stories tall . The building has a twin tower next door . The Key Center North Tower , which is four stories taller , and connected by a two - story glass atrium encompassing 18,800 square feet of retail space . The complex is known as the Key Center at Fountain Plaza . Both buildings have distinctive pyramid tops that are trimmed with bright green neon lighting which is illumined at night . In the front of the two towers is a large fountain and reflecting pool in the summer . In the winter , it serves as an outdoor ice rink that is free to the public .', 'Key Center South Tower is a high - rise located in Buffalo , NY']
['key center south tower', 'municipality of', 'key center south tower is a high - rise located in buffalo , ny', 'Key Center South Tower is a high - rise located in Buffalo , NY . It stands 225 feet ( 69 m ) and 13 stories tall . The building has a twin tower next door . The Key Center North Tower , which is four stories taller , and connected by a two - story glass atrium encompassing 18,800 square feet of retail space . The complex is known as the Key Center at Fountain Plaza . Both buildings have distinctive pyramid tops that are trimmed with bright green neon lighting which is illumined at night . In the front of the two towers is a large fountain and reflecting pool in the summer . In the winter , it serves as an outdoor ice rink that is free to the public .', 'Key Center South Tower is a high - rise located in Buffalo , NY']
['fanefjord church', 'where is', 'fanefjord church', "Fanefjord Church , is a church on the Danish island of Møn . It is located in an open setting overlooking the Baltic Sea inlet of Fanefjord between Store Damme and Hårbølle . Standing majestically on the top of a small hill , the church 's red - tiled roof and whitewashed walls can be seen from considerable distances , whatever the direction . The interior is of particular historical interest , in view of the many frescos dating back to the 13th and 16th centuries and Fanefjord Church is considered the most famous attraction on Møn .", 'Møn']
['fanefjord church', 'municipality of', 'fanefjord church', "Fanefjord Church , is a church on the Danish island of Møn . It is located in an open setting overlooking the Baltic Sea inlet of Fanefjord between Store Damme and Hårbølle . Standing majestically on the top of a small hill , the church 's red - tiled roof and whitewashed walls can be seen from considerable distances , whatever the direction . The interior is of particular historical interest , in view of the many frescos dating back to the 13th and 16th centuries and Fanefjord Church is considered the most famous attraction on Møn .", 'Møn']
['fanefjord church', 'located', 'møn', "Fanefjord Church , is a church on the Danish island of Møn . It is located in an open setting overlooking the Baltic Sea inlet of Fanefjord between Store Damme and Hårbølle . Standing majestically on the top of a small hill , the church 's red - tiled roof and whitewashed walls can be seen from considerable distances , whatever the direction . The interior is of particular historical interest , in view of the many frescos dating back to the 13th and 16th centuries and Fanefjord Church is considered the most famous attraction on Møn .", 'Baltic Sea inlet of Fanefjord between Store Damme and Hårbølle']
['fanefjord church', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'baltic sea inlet of fanefjord between store damme and hårbølle', "Fanefjord Church , is a church on the Danish island of Møn . It is located in an open setting overlooking the Baltic Sea inlet of Fanefjord between Store Damme and Hårbølle . Standing majestically on the top of a small hill , the church 's red - tiled roof and whitewashed walls can be seen from considerable distances , whatever the direction . The interior is of particular historical interest , in view of the many frescos dating back to the 13th and 16th centuries and Fanefjord Church is considered the most famous attraction on Møn .", 'Baltic Sea inlet of Fanefjord']
['fanefjord church', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'baltic sea inlet of fanefjord', "Fanefjord Church , is a church on the Danish island of Møn . It is located in an open setting overlooking the Baltic Sea inlet of Fanefjord between Store Damme and Hårbølle . Standing majestically on the top of a small hill , the church 's red - tiled roof and whitewashed walls can be seen from considerable distances , whatever the direction . The interior is of particular historical interest , in view of the many frescos dating back to the 13th and 16th centuries and Fanefjord Church is considered the most famous attraction on Møn .", 'overlooking']
['fanefjord church', 'located', 'overlooking', "Fanefjord Church , is a church on the Danish island of Møn . It is located in an open setting overlooking the Baltic Sea inlet of Fanefjord between Store Damme and Hårbølle . Standing majestically on the top of a small hill , the church 's red - tiled roof and whitewashed walls can be seen from considerable distances , whatever the direction . The interior is of particular historical interest , in view of the many frescos dating back to the 13th and 16th centuries and Fanefjord Church is considered the most famous attraction on Møn .", 'Baltic Sea inlet of Fanefjord between Store Damme and Hårbølle']
['fanefjord church', 'located', 'baltic sea inlet of fanefjord between store damme and hårbølle', "Fanefjord Church , is a church on the Danish island of Møn . It is located in an open setting overlooking the Baltic Sea inlet of Fanefjord between Store Damme and Hårbølle . Standing majestically on the top of a small hill , the church 's red - tiled roof and whitewashed walls can be seen from considerable distances , whatever the direction . The interior is of particular historical interest , in view of the many frescos dating back to the 13th and 16th centuries and Fanefjord Church is considered the most famous attraction on Møn .", 'Baltic Sea']
['fanefjord church', 'located', 'baltic sea', 'The Kattegat or Kattegatt is a sea area bounded by the Jutlandic peninsula in the west , the Danish straits islands of Denmark to the south and the provinces of Västergötland , Scania , Halland and Bohuslän in Sweden in the east . The Baltic Sea drains into the Kattegat through the Danish Straits . The sea area is a continuation of the Skagerrak and may be seen as a bay of the Baltic Sea or the North Sea or , as in traditional Scandinavian usage , neither of these .', 'Kattegat']
['fanefjord church', 'located', 'kattegat', 'The Kattegat or Kattegatt is a sea area bounded by the Jutlandic peninsula in the west , the Danish straits islands of Denmark to the south and the provinces of Västergötland , Scania , Halland and Bohuslän in Sweden in the east . The Baltic Sea drains into the Kattegat through the Danish Straits . The sea area is a continuation of the Skagerrak and may be seen as a bay of the Baltic Sea or the North Sea or , as in traditional Scandinavian usage , neither of these .', 'Kattegatt']
['fanefjord church', 'located', 'kattegatt', 'The Kattegat or Kattegatt is a sea area bounded by the Jutlandic peninsula in the west , the Danish straits islands of Denmark to the south and the provinces of Västergötland , Scania , Halland and Bohuslän in Sweden in the east . The Baltic Sea drains into the Kattegat through the Danish Straits . The sea area is a continuation of the Skagerrak and may be seen as a bay of the Baltic Sea or the North Sea or , as in traditional Scandinavian usage , neither of these .', 'a sea area bounded by the Jutlandic peninsula']
['fanefjord church', 'where is', 'a sea area bounded by the jutlandic peninsula', 'The Kattegat or Kattegatt is a sea area bounded by the Jutlandic peninsula in the west , the Danish straits islands of Denmark to the south and the provinces of Västergötland , Scania , Halland and Bohuslän in Sweden in the east . The Baltic Sea drains into the Kattegat through the Danish Straits . The sea area is a continuation of the Skagerrak and may be seen as a bay of the Baltic Sea or the North Sea or , as in traditional Scandinavian usage , neither of these .', 'The Kattegat or Kattegatt']
['fanefjord church', 'municipality of', 'the kattegat or kattegatt', 'The Kattegat or Kattegatt is a sea area bounded by the Jutlandic peninsula in the west , the Danish straits islands of Denmark to the south and the provinces of Västergötland , Scania , Halland and Bohuslän in Sweden in the east . The Baltic Sea drains into the Kattegat through the Danish Straits . The sea area is a continuation of the Skagerrak and may be seen as a bay of the Baltic Sea or the North Sea or , as in traditional Scandinavian usage , neither of these .', 'Västergötland']
['fanefjord church', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'västergötland', 'The Kattegat or Kattegatt is a sea area bounded by the Jutlandic peninsula in the west , the Danish straits islands of Denmark to the south and the provinces of Västergötland , Scania , Halland and Bohuslän in Sweden in the east . The Baltic Sea drains into the Kattegat through the Danish Straits . The sea area is a continuation of the Skagerrak and may be seen as a bay of the Baltic Sea or the North Sea or , as in traditional Scandinavian usage , neither of these .', 'Danish straits islands of Denmark to the south and the provinces']
['fanefjord church', 'where is', 'danish straits islands of denmark to the south and the provinces', 'The Kattegat or Kattegatt is a sea area bounded by the Jutlandic peninsula in the west , the Danish straits islands of Denmark to the south and the provinces of Västergötland , Scania , Halland and Bohuslän in Sweden in the east . The Baltic Sea drains into the Kattegat through the Danish Straits . The sea area is a continuation of the Skagerrak and may be seen as a bay of the Baltic Sea or the North Sea or , as in traditional Scandinavian usage , neither of these .', 'The Kattegat or Kattegatt is a sea area bounded by the Jutlandic peninsula in the west']
['fanefjord church', 'municipality of', 'the kattegat or kattegatt is a sea area bounded by the jutlandic peninsula in the west', 'The Kattegat or Kattegatt is a sea area bounded by the Jutlandic peninsula in the west , the Danish straits islands of Denmark to the south and the provinces of Västergötland , Scania , Halland and Bohuslän in Sweden in the east . The Baltic Sea drains into the Kattegat through the Danish Straits . The sea area is a continuation of the Skagerrak and may be seen as a bay of the Baltic Sea or the North Sea or , as in traditional Scandinavian usage , neither of these .', 'west']
['fanefjord church', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'west', "The Gulf of Bothnia is the northernmost arm of the Baltic Sea . It is situated between Finland 's west coast and Sweden 's east coast . In the south of the gulf lie the Åland Islands , between the Sea of Åland and the Archipelago Sea .", 'west']
['fanefjord church', 'located', 'west', 'The Little Belt is a strait between the island of Funen and the Jutland Peninsula in Denmark . It is one of the three Danish Straits that drain and connect the Baltic Sea to the Kattegat strait , which drains west to the North Sea and Atlantic Ocean .', 'North Sea and Atlantic Ocean']
['fanefjord church', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'north sea and atlantic ocean', 'The Little Belt is a strait between the island of Funen and the Jutland Peninsula in Denmark . It is one of the three Danish Straits that drain and connect the Baltic Sea to the Kattegat strait , which drains west to the North Sea and Atlantic Ocean .', 'Baltic Sea to the Kattegat strait , which drains west']
['fanefjord church', 'located', 'baltic sea to the kattegat strait , which drains west', 'The Little Belt is a strait between the island of Funen and the Jutland Peninsula in Denmark . It is one of the three Danish Straits that drain and connect the Baltic Sea to the Kattegat strait , which drains west to the North Sea and Atlantic Ocean .', 'Atlantic Ocean']
['fanefjord church', 'where is', 'atlantic ocean', 'The Little Belt is a strait between the island of Funen and the Jutland Peninsula in Denmark . It is one of the three Danish Straits that drain and connect the Baltic Sea to the Kattegat strait , which drains west to the North Sea and Atlantic Ocean .', 'the Baltic Sea to the Kattegat strait']
['fanefjord church', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'the baltic sea to the kattegat strait', 'The Little Belt is a strait between the island of Funen and the Jutland Peninsula in Denmark . It is one of the three Danish Straits that drain and connect the Baltic Sea to the Kattegat strait , which drains west to the North Sea and Atlantic Ocean .', 'west to the North Sea']
['fanefjord church', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'west to the north sea', 'The Little Belt is a strait between the island of Funen and the Jutland Peninsula in Denmark . It is one of the three Danish Straits that drain and connect the Baltic Sea to the Kattegat strait , which drains west to the North Sea and Atlantic Ocean .', 'drains']
['fanefjord church', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'drains', 'The Little Belt is a strait between the island of Funen and the Jutland Peninsula in Denmark . It is one of the three Danish Straits that drain and connect the Baltic Sea to the Kattegat strait , which drains west to the North Sea and Atlantic Ocean .', 'west']
['fanefjord church', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'west', 'The Little Belt is a strait between the island of Funen and the Jutland Peninsula in Denmark . It is one of the three Danish Straits that drain and connect the Baltic Sea to the Kattegat strait , which drains west to the North Sea and Atlantic Ocean .', 'drains']
['fanefjord church', 'where is', 'drains', 'The Little Belt is a strait between the island of Funen and the Jutland Peninsula in Denmark . It is one of the three Danish Straits that drain and connect the Baltic Sea to the Kattegat strait , which drains west to the North Sea and Atlantic Ocean .', 'west to the North Sea and Atlantic Ocean .']
['fanefjord church', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'west to the north sea and atlantic ocean .', 'The Little Belt is a strait between the island of Funen and the Jutland Peninsula in Denmark . It is one of the three Danish Straits that drain and connect the Baltic Sea to the Kattegat strait , which drains west to the North Sea and Atlantic Ocean .', 'drains']
['fort clinch state park', 'where is', 'fort clinch state park', 'The Fort Clinch State Park is a Florida State Park , located on a peninsula near the northernmost point of Amelia Island , along the Amelia River . Its 1,100 acres ( 4 km2 ) include the 19th - century Fort Clinch , sand dunes , plains , maritime hammock and estuarine tidal marsh . The park and fort lie to the northeast of Fernandina Beach at the entrance to the Cumberland Sound .', 'northeast of Fernandina Beach at the entrance to the Cumberland Sound']
['fort clinch state park', 'where is', 'fort clinch state park', 'The Fort Clinch State Park is a Florida State Park , located on a peninsula near the northernmost point of Amelia Island , along the Amelia River . Its 1,100 acres ( 4 km2 ) include the 19th - century Fort Clinch , sand dunes , plains , maritime hammock and estuarine tidal marsh . The park and fort lie to the northeast of Fernandina Beach at the entrance to the Cumberland Sound .', 'northeast of Fernandina Beach at the entrance to the Cumberland Sound']
['fort clinch state park', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'northeast of fernandina beach at the entrance to the cumberland sound', 'Fort Clinch is a 19th-century masonry coastal fortification , built as part of the Third System of seacoast defense conceived by the United States . It is located on a peninsula near the northernmost point of Amelia Island in Nassau County , Florida . The fort lies to the northeast of Fernandina Beach at the entrance to the Cumberland Sound ( Florida ) , in the northeast part of the state . Today it is included within the boundaries of Fort Clinch State Park .', 'fort']
['fort clinch state park', 'where is', 'fort', 'Fort Clinch is a 19th-century masonry coastal fortification , built as part of the Third System of seacoast defense conceived by the United States . It is located on a peninsula near the northernmost point of Amelia Island in Nassau County , Florida . The fort lies to the northeast of Fernandina Beach at the entrance to the Cumberland Sound ( Florida ) , in the northeast part of the state . Today it is included within the boundaries of Fort Clinch State Park .', 'northeast of Fernandina Beach']
['fort clinch state park', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'northeast of fernandina beach', 'Fort Clinch is a 19th-century masonry coastal fortification , built as part of the Third System of seacoast defense conceived by the United States . It is located on a peninsula near the northernmost point of Amelia Island in Nassau County , Florida . The fort lies to the northeast of Fernandina Beach at the entrance to the Cumberland Sound ( Florida ) , in the northeast part of the state . Today it is included within the boundaries of Fort Clinch State Park .', 'fort']
['fort clinch state park', 'municipality of', 'fort', 'Fort Clinch is a 19th-century masonry coastal fortification , built as part of the Third System of seacoast defense conceived by the United States . It is located on a peninsula near the northernmost point of Amelia Island in Nassau County , Florida . The fort lies to the northeast of Fernandina Beach at the entrance to the Cumberland Sound ( Florida ) , in the northeast part of the state . Today it is included within the boundaries of Fort Clinch State Park .', 'Nassau County , Florida . The fort lies to the northeast of Fernandina Beach']
['fort clinch state park', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'nassau county , florida . the fort lies to the northeast of fernandina beach', 'Fort Clinch is a 19th-century masonry coastal fortification , built as part of the Third System of seacoast defense conceived by the United States . It is located on a peninsula near the northernmost point of Amelia Island in Nassau County , Florida . The fort lies to the northeast of Fernandina Beach at the entrance to the Cumberland Sound ( Florida ) , in the northeast part of the state . Today it is included within the boundaries of Fort Clinch State Park .', 'Cumberland Sound']
['fort clinch state park', 'municipality of', 'cumberland sound', 'Fort Clinch is a 19th-century masonry coastal fortification , built as part of the Third System of seacoast defense conceived by the United States . It is located on a peninsula near the northernmost point of Amelia Island in Nassau County , Florida . The fort lies to the northeast of Fernandina Beach at the entrance to the Cumberland Sound ( Florida ) , in the northeast part of the state . Today it is included within the boundaries of Fort Clinch State Park .', 'Florida']
['fort clinch state park', 'located', 'florida', 'Amelia Island , in Nassau County , Florida , is the southernmost of the Sea Islands , a chain of barrier islands stretching along the east coast of the United States from South Carolina to Florida . It is long and approximately wide at its widest point . The communities of Fernandina Beach and Amelia City are both located on the island .', 'Nassau County , Florida , is the southernmost of the Sea Islands ,']
['fort clinch state park', 'municipality of', 'nassau county , florida , is the southernmost of the sea islands ,', 'Amelia Island , in Nassau County , Florida , is the southernmost of the Sea Islands , a chain of barrier islands stretching along the east coast of the United States from South Carolina to Florida . It is long and approximately wide at its widest point . The communities of Fernandina Beach and Amelia City are both located on the island .', 'Amelia Island']
['fort clinch state park', 'located', 'amelia island', 'Amelia Island , in Nassau County , Florida , is the southernmost of the Sea Islands , a chain of barrier islands stretching along the east coast of the United States from South Carolina to Florida . It is long and approximately wide at its widest point . The communities of Fernandina Beach and Amelia City are both located on the island .', 'Amelia Island']
['fort clinch state park', 'where is', 'amelia island', 'Amelia Island , in Nassau County , Florida , is the southernmost of the Sea Islands , a chain of barrier islands stretching along the east coast of the United States from South Carolina to Florida . It is long and approximately wide at its widest point . The communities of Fernandina Beach and Amelia City are both located on the island .', 'Nassau County , Florida']
['fort clinch state park', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'nassau county , florida', 'Nassau County is a county located in the state of Florida . As of the 2010 census , the population was 73,314 . The county seat and largest incorporated city is Fernandina Beach .', 'Fernandina Beach']
['fort clinch state park', 'municipality of', 'fernandina beach', 'Nassau County is a county located in the state of Florida . As of the 2010 census , the population was 73,314 . The county seat and largest incorporated city is Fernandina Beach .', 'Nassau County']
['torata district', 'where is', 'torata district', 'Torata District is one of six districts of the province Mariscal Nieto in Moquegua Region , Peru .', 'Moquegua Region , Peru']
['torata district', 'located', 'torata district', 'Torata District is one of six districts of the province Mariscal Nieto in Moquegua Region , Peru .', 'Moquegua Region , Peru']
['torata district', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'moquegua region , peru', 'Torata District is one of six districts of the province Mariscal Nieto in Moquegua Region , Peru .', 'Torata District']
['torata district', 'located', 'torata district', 'Moquegua ( founded by the Spanish colonists as Villa de Santa Catalina de Guadalcázar del Valle de Moquegua ) is a city in southern Peru , located in the Moquegua Region , of which it is the capital . It is also capital of Mariscal Nieto Province and Moquegua District . It is located 1144 kilometers south of the capital city of Lima .', 'Moquegua']
['torata district', 'where is', 'moquegua', 'Moquegua ( founded by the Spanish colonists as Villa de Santa Catalina de Guadalcázar del Valle de Moquegua ) is a city in southern Peru , located in the Moquegua Region , of which it is the capital . It is also capital of Mariscal Nieto Province and Moquegua District . It is located 1144 kilometers south of the capital city of Lima .', 'southern Peru']
['torata district', 'municipality of', 'southern peru', 'South America is a continent located in the western hemisphere , mostly in the southern hemisphere , with a relatively small portion in the northern hemisphere . It is also considered a subcontinent of the Americas , which is the model used in nations that speak Romance languages . The reference to South America instead of other regions ( like Latin America or the Southern Cone ) has increased in the last decades due to changing geopolitical dynamics ( in particular , the rise of Brazil ) .', 'South America']
['torata district', 'where is', 'south america', 'South America is a continent located in the western hemisphere , mostly in the southern hemisphere , with a relatively small portion in the northern hemisphere . It is also considered a subcontinent of the Americas , which is the model used in nations that speak Romance languages . The reference to South America instead of other regions ( like Latin America or the Southern Cone ) has increased in the last decades due to changing geopolitical dynamics ( in particular , the rise of Brazil ) .', 'southern hemisphere']
['torata district', 'located', 'southern hemisphere', 'South America is a continent located in the western hemisphere , mostly in the southern hemisphere , with a relatively small portion in the northern hemisphere . It is also considered a subcontinent of the Americas , which is the model used in nations that speak Romance languages . The reference to South America instead of other regions ( like Latin America or the Southern Cone ) has increased in the last decades due to changing geopolitical dynamics ( in particular , the rise of Brazil ) .', 'northern']
['torata district', 'municipality of', 'northern', 'South America is a continent located in the western hemisphere , mostly in the southern hemisphere , with a relatively small portion in the northern hemisphere . It is also considered a subcontinent of the Americas , which is the model used in nations that speak Romance languages . The reference to South America instead of other regions ( like Latin America or the Southern Cone ) has increased in the last decades due to changing geopolitical dynamics ( in particular , the rise of Brazil ) .', 'South America']
['torata district', 'municipality of', 'south america', 'The Andes or Andean Mountains are the longest continental mountain range in the world . They are a continuous range of highlands along the western edge of South America . This range is about long , about wide ( widest between 18° south and 20° south latitude ) , and of an average height of about . The Andes extend from north to south through seven South American countries : Venezuela , Colombia , Ecuador , Peru , Bolivia , Argentina and Chile .', 'western']
['torata district', 'municipality of', 'western', 'The Andes or Andean Mountains are the longest continental mountain range in the world . They are a continuous range of highlands along the western edge of South America . This range is about long , about wide ( widest between 18° south and 20° south latitude ) , and of an average height of about . The Andes extend from north to south through seven South American countries : Venezuela , Colombia , Ecuador , Peru , Bolivia , Argentina and Chile .', 'South America']
['torata district', 'where is', 'south america', 'The Andes or Andean Mountains are the longest continental mountain range in the world . They are a continuous range of highlands along the western edge of South America . This range is about long , about wide ( widest between 18° south and 20° south latitude ) , and of an average height of about . The Andes extend from north to south through seven South American countries : Venezuela , Colombia , Ecuador , Peru , Bolivia , Argentina and Chile .', 'highlands']
['torata district', 'municipality of', 'highlands', 'The Andes or Andean Mountains are the longest continental mountain range in the world . They are a continuous range of highlands along the western edge of South America . This range is about long , about wide ( widest between 18° south and 20° south latitude ) , and of an average height of about . The Andes extend from north to south through seven South American countries : Venezuela , Colombia , Ecuador , Peru , Bolivia , Argentina and Chile .', 'South America']
['torata district', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'south america', 'Colombia ( or ) , officially the Republic of Colombia , is a transcontinental country largely situated in the northwest of South America , with territories in Central America . Colombia shares a border to the northwest with Panama , to the east with Venezuela and Brazil and to the south with Ecuador and Peru . It shares its maritime limits with Costa Rica , Nicaragua , Honduras , Jamaica , the Dominican Republic and Haiti . It is a unitary , constitutional republic comprising thirty-two departments . The territory of what is now Colombia was originally inhabited by indigenous peoples including the Muisca , the Quimbaya and the Tairona .', 'unitary , constitutional republic']
['torata district', 'municipality of', 'unitary , constitutional republic', 'Colombia ( or ) , officially the Republic of Colombia , is a transcontinental country largely situated in the northwest of South America , with territories in Central America . Colombia shares a border to the northwest with Panama , to the east with Venezuela and Brazil and to the south with Ecuador and Peru . It shares its maritime limits with Costa Rica , Nicaragua , Honduras , Jamaica , the Dominican Republic and Haiti . It is a unitary , constitutional republic comprising thirty-two departments . The territory of what is now Colombia was originally inhabited by indigenous peoples including the Muisca , the Quimbaya and the Tairona .', 'Haiti']
['torata district', 'where is', 'haiti', 'Colombia ( or ) , officially the Republic of Colombia , is a transcontinental country largely situated in the northwest of South America , with territories in Central America . Colombia shares a border to the northwest with Panama , to the east with Venezuela and Brazil and to the south with Ecuador and Peru . It shares its maritime limits with Costa Rica , Nicaragua , Honduras , Jamaica , the Dominican Republic and Haiti . It is a unitary , constitutional republic comprising thirty-two departments . The territory of what is now Colombia was originally inhabited by indigenous peoples including the Muisca , the Quimbaya and the Tairona .', 'Colombia']
['torata district', 'located', 'colombia', 'Colombia ( or ) , officially the Republic of Colombia , is a transcontinental country largely situated in the northwest of South America , with territories in Central America . Colombia shares a border to the northwest with Panama , to the east with Venezuela and Brazil and to the south with Ecuador and Peru . It shares its maritime limits with Costa Rica , Nicaragua , Honduras , Jamaica , the Dominican Republic and Haiti . It is a unitary , constitutional republic comprising thirty-two departments . The territory of what is now Colombia was originally inhabited by indigenous peoples including the Muisca , the Quimbaya and the Tairona .', 'in the northwest of South America , with territories in Central America']
['torata district', 'municipality of', 'in the northwest of south america , with territories in central america', 'Colombia ( or ) , officially the Republic of Colombia , is a transcontinental country largely situated in the northwest of South America , with territories in Central America . Colombia shares a border to the northwest with Panama , to the east with Venezuela and Brazil and to the south with Ecuador and Peru . It shares its maritime limits with Costa Rica , Nicaragua , Honduras , Jamaica , the Dominican Republic and Haiti . It is a unitary , constitutional republic comprising thirty-two departments . The territory of what is now Colombia was originally inhabited by indigenous peoples including the Muisca , the Quimbaya and the Tairona .', 'Colombia']
['torata district', 'where is', 'colombia', 'Colombia ( or ) , officially the Republic of Colombia , is a transcontinental country largely situated in the northwest of South America , with territories in Central America . Colombia shares a border to the northwest with Panama , to the east with Venezuela and Brazil and to the south with Ecuador and Peru . It shares its maritime limits with Costa Rica , Nicaragua , Honduras , Jamaica , the Dominican Republic and Haiti . It is a unitary , constitutional republic comprising thirty-two departments . The territory of what is now Colombia was originally inhabited by indigenous peoples including the Muisca , the Quimbaya and the Tairona .', 'in the northwest of South America , with territories in Central America']
['torata district', 'municipality of', 'in the northwest of south america , with territories in central america', 'Peru , officially the Republic of Peru , is a country in western South America . It is bordered in the north by Ecuador and Colombia , in the east by Brazil , in the southeast by Bolivia , in the south by Chile , and in the west by the Pacific Ocean . Peru is an extremely biodiverse country with habitats ranging from the arid plains of the Pacific coastal region in the west to the peaks of the Andes mountains vertically extending from the north to the southeast of the country to the tropical Amazon Basin rainforest in the east with the Amazon river .', 'north']
['torata district', 'located', 'north', 'Bolivia ( ; ) , officially known as the Plurinational State of Bolivia , is a landlocked country located in western-central South America . It is bordered to the north and east by Brazil , to the southeast by Paraguay , to the south by Argentina , to the southwest by Chile , and to the northwest by Peru . One-third of the country is the Andean mountain range , with one of its largest cities and principal economic centers , El Alto , located on the Altiplano . Bolivia is one of two landlocked countries ( the other is Paraguay ) that lie outside Afro-Eurasia . Bolivia is the largest landlocked country in the Americas .', 'Bolivia']
['torata district', 'municipality of', 'bolivia', 'Bolivia ( ; ) , officially known as the Plurinational State of Bolivia , is a landlocked country located in western-central South America . It is bordered to the north and east by Brazil , to the southeast by Paraguay , to the south by Argentina , to the southwest by Chile , and to the northwest by Peru . One-third of the country is the Andean mountain range , with one of its largest cities and principal economic centers , El Alto , located on the Altiplano . Bolivia is one of two landlocked countries ( the other is Paraguay ) that lie outside Afro-Eurasia . Bolivia is the largest landlocked country in the Americas .', 'Argentina , to the southwest by Chile , and to the northwest by Peru']
['torata district', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'argentina , to the southwest by chile , and to the northwest by peru', 'Bolivia ( ; ) , officially known as the Plurinational State of Bolivia , is a landlocked country located in western-central South America . It is bordered to the north and east by Brazil , to the southeast by Paraguay , to the south by Argentina , to the southwest by Chile , and to the northwest by Peru . One-third of the country is the Andean mountain range , with one of its largest cities and principal economic centers , El Alto , located on the Altiplano . Bolivia is one of two landlocked countries ( the other is Paraguay ) that lie outside Afro-Eurasia . Bolivia is the largest landlocked country in the Americas .', 'the south']
['torata district', 'where is', 'the south', 'Peru , officially the Republic of Peru , is a country in western South America . It is bordered in the north by Ecuador and Colombia , in the east by Brazil , in the southeast by Bolivia , in the south by Chile , and in the west by the Pacific Ocean . Peru is an extremely biodiverse country with habitats ranging from the arid plains of the Pacific coastal region in the west to the peaks of the Andes mountains vertically extending from the north to the southeast of the country to the tropical Amazon Basin rainforest in the east with the Amazon river .', 'Chile']
['torata district', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'chile', 'Chile , officially the Republic of Chile , is a South American country occupying a long , narrow strip of land between the Andes to the east and the Pacific Ocean to the west . It borders Peru to the north , Bolivia to the northeast , Argentina to the east , and the Drake Passage in the far south . Chilean territory includes the Pacific islands of Juan Fernández , Salas y Gómez , Desventuradas , and Easter Island in Oceania . Chile also claims about of Antarctica , although all claims are suspended under the Antarctic Treaty .', 'narrow strip of land']
['torata district', 'located', 'narrow strip of land', 'Chile , officially the Republic of Chile , is a South American country occupying a long , narrow strip of land between the Andes to the east and the Pacific Ocean to the west . It borders Peru to the north , Bolivia to the northeast , Argentina to the east , and the Drake Passage in the far south . Chilean territory includes the Pacific islands of Juan Fernández , Salas y Gómez , Desventuradas , and Easter Island in Oceania . Chile also claims about of Antarctica , although all claims are suspended under the Antarctic Treaty .', 'between the Andes']
['malmudden', 'where is', 'malmudden', 'Malmudden is a residential area in Luleå , Sweden . It is a beach - side community on the north coast of the Gulf of Bothnia , four kilometres northeast of central Luleå . It had 981 inhabitants in 2010 .', 'Luleå , Sweden']
['malmudden', 'where is', 'malmudden', 'Malmudden is a residential area in Luleå , Sweden . It is a beach - side community on the north coast of the Gulf of Bothnia , four kilometres northeast of central Luleå . It had 981 inhabitants in 2010 .', 'Luleå , Sweden']
['malmudden', 'where is', 'luleå , sweden', "Luleå ( Lule Sami `` Luleju '' ) is a city on the coast of northern Sweden , and the capital of Norrbotten County , the northernmost county in Sweden . Luleå has about 75,000 inhabitants and is the seat of Luleå Municipality ( with a total population of 75,921 ) .", 'coast of northern Sweden']
['malmudden', 'where is', 'coast of northern sweden', "The Gulf of Bothnia is the northernmost arm of the Baltic Sea . It is situated between Finland 's west coast and Sweden 's east coast . In the south of the gulf lie the Åland Islands , between the Sea of Åland and the Archipelago Sea .", 'east coast']
['malmudden', 'where is', 'east coast', "The Gulf of Bothnia is the northernmost arm of the Baltic Sea . It is situated between Finland 's west coast and Sweden 's east coast . In the south of the gulf lie the Åland Islands , between the Sea of Åland and the Archipelago Sea .", 'Sweden']
['malmudden', 'where is', 'sweden', 'Sweden , officially the Kingdom of Sweden ( Swedish : ) , is a Scandinavian country in Northern Europe . It borders Norway to the west and Finland to the east , and is connected to Denmark in the southwest by a bridge-tunnel across the Öresund . At , Sweden is the third-largest country in the European Union by area , with a total population of 10.0 million . Sweden consequently has a low population density of , with the highest concentration in the southern half of the country . Approximately 85 % of the population lives in urban areas .', 'Northern Europe']
['malmudden', 'municipality of', 'northern europe', 'Luleå Municipality is a municipality in Norrbotten County in northern Sweden . Its seat is located in Luleå , which is also the county seat of Norrbotten County .', 'Norrbotten']
['r335 road', 'where is', 'r335 road', 'The R335 road is a regional road in counties Mayo and Galway in Ireland . It starts in Westport , Co . Mayo and ends in Leenaun , Co . Galway . The N59 is a much more direct route between the two towns . The R335 passes through Murrisk ( where Croagh Patrick is located ) , Lecanvey , Louisburgh and Delphi before terminating in Leenaun . It is arguably one of the most scenic drives in counties Mayo and Galway . It is approximately 52 Kilometres long with a speed limit of 80km/h ( 50mph ) .', 'Mayo and Galway in Ireland']
['r335 road', 'where is', 'r335 road', 'The R335 road is a regional road in counties Mayo and Galway in Ireland . It starts in Westport , Co . Mayo and ends in Leenaun , Co . Galway . The N59 is a much more direct route between the two towns . The R335 passes through Murrisk ( where Croagh Patrick is located ) , Lecanvey , Louisburgh and Delphi before terminating in Leenaun . It is arguably one of the most scenic drives in counties Mayo and Galway . It is approximately 52 Kilometres long with a speed limit of 80km/h ( 50mph ) .', 'Mayo and Galway in Ireland']
['r335 road', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'mayo and galway in ireland', 'The R335 road is a regional road in counties Mayo and Galway in Ireland . It starts in Westport , Co . Mayo and ends in Leenaun , Co . Galway . The N59 is a much more direct route between the two towns . The R335 passes through Murrisk ( where Croagh Patrick is located ) , Lecanvey , Louisburgh and Delphi before terminating in Leenaun . It is arguably one of the most scenic drives in counties Mayo and Galway . It is approximately 52 Kilometres long with a speed limit of 80km/h ( 50mph ) .', 'R335 road']
['r335 road', 'municipality of', 'r335 road', 'The R335 road is a regional road in counties Mayo and Galway in Ireland . It starts in Westport , Co . Mayo and ends in Leenaun , Co . Galway . The N59 is a much more direct route between the two towns . The R335 passes through Murrisk ( where Croagh Patrick is located ) , Lecanvey , Louisburgh and Delphi before terminating in Leenaun . It is arguably one of the most scenic drives in counties Mayo and Galway . It is approximately 52 Kilometres long with a speed limit of 80km/h ( 50mph ) .', 'Mayo']
['r335 road', 'where is', 'mayo', 'The R335 road is a regional road in counties Mayo and Galway in Ireland . It starts in Westport , Co . Mayo and ends in Leenaun , Co . Galway . The N59 is a much more direct route between the two towns . The R335 passes through Murrisk ( where Croagh Patrick is located ) , Lecanvey , Louisburgh and Delphi before terminating in Leenaun . It is arguably one of the most scenic drives in counties Mayo and Galway . It is approximately 52 Kilometres long with a speed limit of 80km/h ( 50mph ) .', 'Leenaun , Co . Galway']
['r335 road', 'where is', 'leenaun , co . galway', 'The R335 road is a regional road in counties Mayo and Galway in Ireland . It starts in Westport , Co . Mayo and ends in Leenaun , Co . Galway . The N59 is a much more direct route between the two towns . The R335 passes through Murrisk ( where Croagh Patrick is located ) , Lecanvey , Louisburgh and Delphi before terminating in Leenaun . It is arguably one of the most scenic drives in counties Mayo and Galway . It is approximately 52 Kilometres long with a speed limit of 80km/h ( 50mph ) .', 'Westport']
['r335 road', 'where is', 'westport', 'The R335 road is a regional road in counties Mayo and Galway in Ireland . It starts in Westport , Co . Mayo and ends in Leenaun , Co . Galway . The N59 is a much more direct route between the two towns . The R335 passes through Murrisk ( where Croagh Patrick is located ) , Lecanvey , Louisburgh and Delphi before terminating in Leenaun . It is arguably one of the most scenic drives in counties Mayo and Galway . It is approximately 52 Kilometres long with a speed limit of 80km/h ( 50mph ) .', 'Leenaun , Co . Galway']
['r335 road', 'located', 'leenaun , co . galway', 'The R335 road is a regional road in counties Mayo and Galway in Ireland . It starts in Westport , Co . Mayo and ends in Leenaun , Co . Galway . The N59 is a much more direct route between the two towns . The R335 passes through Murrisk ( where Croagh Patrick is located ) , Lecanvey , Louisburgh and Delphi before terminating in Leenaun . It is arguably one of the most scenic drives in counties Mayo and Galway . It is approximately 52 Kilometres long with a speed limit of 80km/h ( 50mph ) .', 'Croagh Patrick']
['r335 road', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'croagh patrick', 'Croagh Patrick , nicknamed the Reek , is a mountain and an important site of pilgrimage in County Mayo in Ireland . It is from Westport , above the villages of Murrisk and Lecanvey . It is the third highest mountain in County Mayo after Mweelrea and Nephin . It is climbed by pilgrims on Reek Sunday every year , which is the last Sunday in July . It forms the southern part of a U-shaped valley created by a glacier flowing into Clew Bay in the last Ice Age . Croagh Patrick is part of a longer east-west ridge ; the westernmost peak is called Ben Gorm .', 'east-west ridge']
['r335 road', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'east-west ridge', 'A ridge or mountain ridge is a geological feature consisting of a chain of mountains or hills that form a continuous elevated crest for some distance . Ridges are usually termed hills or mountains as well , depending on size .', 'mountain ridge']
['r335 road', 'where is', 'mountain ridge', 'Mweelrea is a mountain in County Mayo , Ireland . It is the highest mountain in Connacht .', 'Connacht']
['r335 road', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'connacht', 'Mweelrea is a mountain in County Mayo , Ireland . It is the highest mountain in Connacht .', 'highest mountain']
['r335 road', 'where is', 'highest mountain', 'Mweelrea is a mountain in County Mayo , Ireland . It is the highest mountain in Connacht .', 'Connacht']
['r335 road', 'municipality of', 'connacht', 'Mweelrea is a mountain in County Mayo , Ireland . It is the highest mountain in Connacht .', 'Ireland']
['r335 road', 'where is', 'ireland', 'The R335 road is a regional road in counties Mayo and Galway in Ireland . It starts in Westport , Co . Mayo and ends in Leenaun , Co . Galway . The N59 is a much more direct route between the two towns . The R335 passes through Murrisk ( where Croagh Patrick is located ) , Lecanvey , Louisburgh and Delphi before terminating in Leenaun . It is arguably one of the most scenic drives in counties Mayo and Galway . It is approximately 52 Kilometres long with a speed limit of 80km/h ( 50mph ) .', 'Mayo and Galway']
['r335 road', 'located', 'mayo and galway', 'The R335 road is a regional road in counties Mayo and Galway in Ireland . It starts in Westport , Co . Mayo and ends in Leenaun , Co . Galway . The N59 is a much more direct route between the two towns . The R335 passes through Murrisk ( where Croagh Patrick is located ) , Lecanvey , Louisburgh and Delphi before terminating in Leenaun . It is arguably one of the most scenic drives in counties Mayo and Galway . It is approximately 52 Kilometres long with a speed limit of 80km/h ( 50mph ) .', 'Croagh Patrick']
['r335 road', 'where is', 'croagh patrick', 'Croagh Patrick , nicknamed the Reek , is a mountain and an important site of pilgrimage in County Mayo in Ireland . It is from Westport , above the villages of Murrisk and Lecanvey . It is the third highest mountain in County Mayo after Mweelrea and Nephin . It is climbed by pilgrims on Reek Sunday every year , which is the last Sunday in July . It forms the southern part of a U-shaped valley created by a glacier flowing into Clew Bay in the last Ice Age . Croagh Patrick is part of a longer east-west ridge ; the westernmost peak is called Ben Gorm .', 'Westport']
['r335 road', 'located', 'westport', 'The R335 road is a regional road in counties Mayo and Galway in Ireland . It starts in Westport , Co . Mayo and ends in Leenaun , Co . Galway . The N59 is a much more direct route between the two towns . The R335 passes through Murrisk ( where Croagh Patrick is located ) , Lecanvey , Louisburgh and Delphi before terminating in Leenaun . It is arguably one of the most scenic drives in counties Mayo and Galway . It is approximately 52 Kilometres long with a speed limit of 80km/h ( 50mph ) .', 'Co . Mayo']
['r335 road', 'municipality of', 'co . mayo', 'The R335 road is a regional road in counties Mayo and Galway in Ireland . It starts in Westport , Co . Mayo and ends in Leenaun , Co . Galway . The N59 is a much more direct route between the two towns . The R335 passes through Murrisk ( where Croagh Patrick is located ) , Lecanvey , Louisburgh and Delphi before terminating in Leenaun . It is arguably one of the most scenic drives in counties Mayo and Galway . It is approximately 52 Kilometres long with a speed limit of 80km/h ( 50mph ) .', 'Leenaun']
['r335 road', 'located', 'leenaun', 'The R335 road is a regional road in counties Mayo and Galway in Ireland . It starts in Westport , Co . Mayo and ends in Leenaun , Co . Galway . The N59 is a much more direct route between the two towns . The R335 passes through Murrisk ( where Croagh Patrick is located ) , Lecanvey , Louisburgh and Delphi before terminating in Leenaun . It is arguably one of the most scenic drives in counties Mayo and Galway . It is approximately 52 Kilometres long with a speed limit of 80km/h ( 50mph ) .', 'Croagh Patrick']
['r335 road', 'located', 'croagh patrick', 'Croagh Patrick , nicknamed the Reek , is a mountain and an important site of pilgrimage in County Mayo in Ireland . It is from Westport , above the villages of Murrisk and Lecanvey . It is the third highest mountain in County Mayo after Mweelrea and Nephin . It is climbed by pilgrims on Reek Sunday every year , which is the last Sunday in July . It forms the southern part of a U-shaped valley created by a glacier flowing into Clew Bay in the last Ice Age . Croagh Patrick is part of a longer east-west ridge ; the westernmost peak is called Ben Gorm .', 'Ben Gorm']
['r335 road', 'located', 'ben gorm', 'Ben Gorm is a mountain in southwest County Mayo , Ireland .', 'a mountain']
['r335 road', 'located', 'a mountain', 'Mweelrea is a mountain in County Mayo , Ireland . It is the highest mountain in Connacht .', 'Connacht']
['r335 road', 'where is', 'connacht', 'Mweelrea is a mountain in County Mayo , Ireland . It is the highest mountain in Connacht .', 'County Mayo , Ireland']
['r335 road', 'where is', 'county mayo , ireland', 'Ben Gorm is a mountain in southwest County Mayo , Ireland .', 'Ben Gorm is a mountain in southwest']
['r335 road', 'municipality of', 'ben gorm is a mountain in southwest', 'Ben Gorm is a mountain in southwest County Mayo , Ireland .', 'Mayo , Ireland']
['stair house', 'where is', 'stair house', "Stair House is a late 16th - or early 17th - century house near the village of Stair , in Ayrshire , Scotland . It was the birthplace of John Dalrymple , 1st Earl of Stair ( 1648 -- 1707 ) . It remains in use as a house , and is a category A listed building . In the 20th century it was owned by Robert ' Bobby ' Corbett , second son of Lord Rowallan . His grave is in Stair churchyard .", 'near the village of Stair , in Ayrshire , Scotland']
['stair house', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'stair house', "Stair House is a late 16th - or early 17th - century house near the village of Stair , in Ayrshire , Scotland . It was the birthplace of John Dalrymple , 1st Earl of Stair ( 1648 -- 1707 ) . It remains in use as a house , and is a category A listed building . In the 20th century it was owned by Robert ' Bobby ' Corbett , second son of Lord Rowallan . His grave is in Stair churchyard .", '16th - or early 17th - century house']
['stair house', 'what kind of socks does wear', '16th - or early 17th - century house', "Stair House is a late 16th - or early 17th - century house near the village of Stair , in Ayrshire , Scotland . It was the birthplace of John Dalrymple , 1st Earl of Stair ( 1648 -- 1707 ) . It remains in use as a house , and is a category A listed building . In the 20th century it was owned by Robert ' Bobby ' Corbett , second son of Lord Rowallan . His grave is in Stair churchyard .", 'Stair House']
['stair house', 'where is', 'stair house', "Stair House is a late 16th - or early 17th - century house near the village of Stair , in Ayrshire , Scotland . It was the birthplace of John Dalrymple , 1st Earl of Stair ( 1648 -- 1707 ) . It remains in use as a house , and is a category A listed building . In the 20th century it was owned by Robert ' Bobby ' Corbett , second son of Lord Rowallan . His grave is in Stair churchyard .", 'near the village of Stair , in Ayrshire , Scotland']
['stair house', 'municipality of', 'near the village of stair , in ayrshire , scotland', "Stair House is a late 16th - or early 17th - century house near the village of Stair , in Ayrshire , Scotland . It was the birthplace of John Dalrymple , 1st Earl of Stair ( 1648 -- 1707 ) . It remains in use as a house , and is a category A listed building . In the 20th century it was owned by Robert ' Bobby ' Corbett , second son of Lord Rowallan . His grave is in Stair churchyard .", 'Stair House']
['stair house', 'where is', 'stair house', 'John Dalrymple ( 1648 , Master of Stair 8 January 1707 ) was a Scottish noble and Whig politician who played a crucial role in the 1707 Treaty of Union between the Kingdom of Scotland and the Kingdom of England , that created the Kingdom of Great Britain .', 'between the Kingdom of Scotland and the Kingdom of England']
['stair house', 'municipality of', 'between the kingdom of scotland and the kingdom of england', 'The Kingdom of Scotland was a state in northwest Europe traditionally said to have been founded in 843 , which joined with the Kingdom of England to form a unified Kingdom of Great Britain in 1707 . Its territories expanded and shrank , but it came to occupy the northern third of the island of Great Britain , sharing a land border to the south with the Kingdom of England . It suffered many invasions by the English , but under Robert I it fought a successful war of independence and remained a distinct state in the late Middle Ages . In 1603 , James VI of Scotland became King of England , joining Scotland with England in a personal union . In 1707 , the two kingdoms were united to form the Kingdom of Great Britain under the terms of the Acts of Union . From the final capture of the Royal Burgh of Berwick by the Kingdom of England in 1482 ( following the annexation of the Northern Isles from the Kingdom of Norway in 1472 ) the territory of the Kingdom of Scotland corresponded to that of modern-day Scotland , bounded by the North Sea to the east , the Atlantic Ocean to the north and west , and the North Channel and Irish Sea to the southwest .', 'Scotland']
['stair house', 'located', 'scotland', 'Ayrshire is a historic county in south-west Scotland , located on the shores of the Firth of Clyde . It is also , under the name the County of Ayr , a registration county . Its principal towns include Ayr , Kilmarnock and Irvine . Like the other counties of Scotland , it currently has no administrative function , instead being sub-divided into the council areas of North Ayrshire , South Ayrshire and East Ayrshire . It has a population of approximately 366,800 .', 'Firth of Clyde']
['stair house', 'where is', 'firth of clyde', 'National The Firth of Clyde encloses the largest and deepest coastal waters in the British Isles , sheltered from the Atlantic Ocean by the Kintyre peninsula which encloses the outer firth in Argyll and Ayrshire , Scotland . The Kilbrannan Sound is a large arm of the Firth of Clyde , separating the Kintyre Peninsula from the Isle of Arran . Within the Firth of Clyde is another major island - the Isle of Bute . Given its strategic location , at the entrance to the middle/upper Clyde , Bute played a vitally important military ( naval ) role during World War II .', 'Argyll and Ayrshire , Scotland']
['stair house', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'argyll and ayrshire , scotland', 'East Ayrshire is one of thirty-two council areas of Scotland . It shares borders with Dumfries and Galloway , East Renfrewshire , North Ayrshire , South Ayrshire and South Lanarkshire . The headquarters of the council are located on London Road , Kilmarnock . With South Ayrshire and the mainland areas of North Ayrshire , it formed the former county of Ayrshire .', 'thirty-two council areas']
['stair house', 'where is', 'thirty-two council areas', 'East Ayrshire is one of thirty-two council areas of Scotland . It shares borders with Dumfries and Galloway , East Renfrewshire , North Ayrshire , South Ayrshire and South Lanarkshire . The headquarters of the council are located on London Road , Kilmarnock . With South Ayrshire and the mainland areas of North Ayrshire , it formed the former county of Ayrshire .', 'East Ayrshire']
['amarambalam', 'where is', 'amarambalam', 'Amarambalam is a forest village near Nilambur town and conjoins Silent Valley National Park . It is also known as T.K.Colony . The area is 265.72 km2 . Altitude rises sharply from 40 to 2,554 m .', 'Nilambur town']
['amarambalam', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'amarambalam', 'Amarambalam is a forest village near Nilambur town and conjoins Silent Valley National Park . It is also known as T.K.Colony . The area is 265.72 km2 . Altitude rises sharply from 40 to 2,554 m .', 'forest village']
['amarambalam', 'located', 'forest village', 'Amarambalam is a forest village near Nilambur town and conjoins Silent Valley National Park . It is also known as T.K.Colony . The area is 265.72 km2 . Altitude rises sharply from 40 to 2,554 m .', 'Nilambur']
['amarambalam', 'located', 'nilambur', 'Nilambur is a municipality and a taluk in the Malappuram district of the Indian state of Kerala . It is located close to the Nilgiris range of the Western Ghats on the banks of the Chaliyar River . It is about 40 kilometers from Malappuram city and 24 kilometers from Manjeri on the KozhikodeGudalur road called CNG road ( Calicut-Nilambur-Gudallur road ) .', 'Nilgiris range of the Western Ghats']
['amarambalam', 'municipality of', 'nilgiris range of the western ghats', 'Mukurthi National Park ( MNP ) is a protected area located in the western corner of the Nilgiris Plateau west of Ootacamund hill station in the northwest corner of Tamil Nadu state in the Western Ghats mountain range of South India . The park was created to protect its keystone species , the Nilgiri tahr .', 'South India']
['amarambalam', 'where is', 'south india', "South India is the area encompassing the Indian states of Tamil Nadu , Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka , Kerala , and Telangana as well as the union territories of Andaman and Nicobar , Lakshadweep and Puducherry , occupying 19.31 % of India 's area . Covering the southern part of the peninsular Deccan Plateau , South India is bounded by the Bay of Bengal in the east , the Arabian Sea in the west and the Indian Ocean in the south . The geography of the region is diverse with two mountain ranges - the Western and Eastern Ghats , bordering the plateau heartland . Godavari , Krishna , Kaveri , Tungabhadra and Vaigai rivers are important non-perennial sources of water . Bangalore , Chennai , Hyderabad , Visakhapatnam , Vijayawada , Coimbatore and Kochi are the largest urban areas .", 'Indian Ocean']
['amarambalam', 'located', 'indian ocean', "India , officially the Republic of India ( `` Bhrat Gaarjya '' ) , is a country in South Asia . It is the seventh-largest country by area , the second-most populous country ( with over 1.2 billion people ) , and the most populous democracy in the world . It is bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south , the Arabian Sea on the southwest , and the Bay of Bengal on the southeast . It shares land borders with Pakistan to the west ; China , Nepal , and Bhutan to the northeast ; and Myanmar ( Burma ) and Bangladesh to the east . In the Indian Ocean , India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka and the Maldives . India 's Andaman and Nicobar Islands share a maritime border with Thailand and Indonesia . Its capital is New Delhi ; other metropolises include Mumbai , Kolkata , Chennai , Bangalore , Hyderabad and Ahmedabad .", 'Indian Ocean on the south , the Arabian Sea']
['amarambalam', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'indian ocean on the south , the arabian sea', "India , officially the Republic of India ( `` Bhrat Gaarjya '' ) , is a country in South Asia . It is the seventh-largest country by area , the second-most populous country ( with over 1.2 billion people ) , and the most populous democracy in the world . It is bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south , the Arabian Sea on the southwest , and the Bay of Bengal on the southeast . It shares land borders with Pakistan to the west ; China , Nepal , and Bhutan to the northeast ; and Myanmar ( Burma ) and Bangladesh to the east . In the Indian Ocean , India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka and the Maldives . India 's Andaman and Nicobar Islands share a maritime border with Thailand and Indonesia . Its capital is New Delhi ; other metropolises include Mumbai , Kolkata , Chennai , Bangalore , Hyderabad and Ahmedabad .", 'southwest']
['amarambalam', 'where is', 'southwest', "Palakkad District is one of the 14 districts of the Indian state of Kerala . The city of Palakkad is the district headquarters . Palakkad is bordered on the northwest by the Malappuram District , on the southwest by the Thrissur District , on the northeast by The Nilgiris District and on the east by Coimbatore district of Tamil Nadu . The district is 24.4 % urbanised according to the census of 2011 . The district is nicknamed `` the granary of Kerala '' and `` Rice bowl of Kerala '' .", 'Thrissur District']
['amarambalam', 'located', 'thrissur district', "Palakkad District is one of the 14 districts of the Indian state of Kerala . The city of Palakkad is the district headquarters . Palakkad is bordered on the northwest by the Malappuram District , on the southwest by the Thrissur District , on the northeast by The Nilgiris District and on the east by Coimbatore district of Tamil Nadu . The district is 24.4 % urbanised according to the census of 2011 . The district is nicknamed `` the granary of Kerala '' and `` Rice bowl of Kerala '' .", 'The Nilgiris District']
['amarambalam', 'where is', 'the nilgiris district', "Palakkad District is one of the 14 districts of the Indian state of Kerala . The city of Palakkad is the district headquarters . Palakkad is bordered on the northwest by the Malappuram District , on the southwest by the Thrissur District , on the northeast by The Nilgiris District and on the east by Coimbatore district of Tamil Nadu . The district is 24.4 % urbanised according to the census of 2011 . The district is nicknamed `` the granary of Kerala '' and `` Rice bowl of Kerala '' .", 'on the east by Coimbatore district of Tamil Nadu']
['amarambalam', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'on the east by coimbatore district of tamil nadu', "Palakkad District is one of the 14 districts of the Indian state of Kerala . The city of Palakkad is the district headquarters . Palakkad is bordered on the northwest by the Malappuram District , on the southwest by the Thrissur District , on the northeast by The Nilgiris District and on the east by Coimbatore district of Tamil Nadu . The district is 24.4 % urbanised according to the census of 2011 . The district is nicknamed `` the granary of Kerala '' and `` Rice bowl of Kerala '' .", 'Palakkad']
['amarambalam', 'municipality of', 'palakkad', 'Palakkad , also known as Palghat , is a city and municipality in the state of Kerala in southern India , spread over an area of 26.60 km and is the administrative headquarters of the Palakkad District . In earlier times , Palakkad was known as Palakkattussery . Palakkad is the seventh most populous town in Kerala and lies near the Palghat Gap . Malayalam is the generally spoken language in Palakkad . The city is situated about north of state capital Thiruvananthapuram and 54 kilometers south west of Coimbatore , and 66 km north east of Thrissur on the Salem-Kanyakumari National Highway NH 47 .', 'Kerala in southern India']
['amarambalam', 'where is', 'kerala in southern india', 'Palakkad , also known as Palghat , is a city and municipality in the state of Kerala in southern India , spread over an area of 26.60 km and is the administrative headquarters of the Palakkad District . In earlier times , Palakkad was known as Palakkattussery . Palakkad is the seventh most populous town in Kerala and lies near the Palghat Gap . Malayalam is the generally spoken language in Palakkad . The city is situated about north of state capital Thiruvananthapuram and 54 kilometers south west of Coimbatore , and 66 km north east of Thrissur on the Salem-Kanyakumari National Highway NH 47 .', 'Palakkad , also known as Palghat , is a city and municipality']
['amarambalam', 'located', 'palakkad , also known as palghat , is a city and municipality', 'Palakkad , also known as Palghat , is a city and municipality in the state of Kerala in southern India , spread over an area of 26.60 km and is the administrative headquarters of the Palakkad District . In earlier times , Palakkad was known as Palakkattussery . Palakkad is the seventh most populous town in Kerala and lies near the Palghat Gap . Malayalam is the generally spoken language in Palakkad . The city is situated about north of state capital Thiruvananthapuram and 54 kilometers south west of Coimbatore , and 66 km north east of Thrissur on the Salem-Kanyakumari National Highway NH 47 .', 'Kerala']
['amarambalam', 'located', 'kerala', 'Karimpuzha National Park ( , , ) is a 230 km² proposed National Park located at in the Nilgiri Hills , Palakkad district and Nilgiris district , Kerala and Tamil Nadu , in South India , IUCN category : PRO', 'National Park']
['amarambalam', 'where is', 'national park', 'Silent Valley National Park ( Malayalam : ) , is a national park with a core zone of ( making it the second largest national park in Kerala ) . It is located in the Nilgiri Hills , within the Palakkad District of Kerala , South India . This region was explored in 1847 by the botanist Robert Wight , This park is one of the last undisturbed tracts of South Western Ghats mountain rain forests and tropical moist evergreen forest in India . Contiguous with the proposed Karimpuzha National Park ( 225 km ) to the north and Mukurthi National Park ( 78.46 km ) to the north-east , it is the core of the Nilgiri International Biosphere Reserve ( 1,455.4 km ) , and is part of The Nilgiri Sub-Cluster ( 6,000 km ) , Western Ghats World Heritage Site , recognised by UNESCO in 2007 .', 'Kerala ) . It is located in the Nilgiri Hills']
['amarambalam', 'where is', 'kerala ) . it is located in the nilgiri hills', 'Karimpuzha National Park ( , , ) is a 230 km² proposed National Park located at in the Nilgiri Hills , Palakkad district and Nilgiris district , Kerala and Tamil Nadu , in South India , IUCN category : PRO', 'National Park']
['amarambalam', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'national park', 'Silent Valley National Park ( Malayalam : ) , is a national park with a core zone of ( making it the second largest national park in Kerala ) . It is located in the Nilgiri Hills , within the Palakkad District of Kerala , South India . This region was explored in 1847 by the botanist Robert Wight , This park is one of the last undisturbed tracts of South Western Ghats mountain rain forests and tropical moist evergreen forest in India . Contiguous with the proposed Karimpuzha National Park ( 225 km ) to the north and Mukurthi National Park ( 78.46 km ) to the north-east , it is the core of the Nilgiri International Biosphere Reserve ( 1,455.4 km ) , and is part of The Nilgiri Sub-Cluster ( 6,000 km ) , Western Ghats World Heritage Site , recognised by UNESCO in 2007 .', 'core zone']
['amarambalam', 'municipality of', 'core zone', 'Silent Valley National Park ( Malayalam : ) , is a national park with a core zone of ( making it the second largest national park in Kerala ) . It is located in the Nilgiri Hills , within the Palakkad District of Kerala , South India . This region was explored in 1847 by the botanist Robert Wight , This park is one of the last undisturbed tracts of South Western Ghats mountain rain forests and tropical moist evergreen forest in India . Contiguous with the proposed Karimpuzha National Park ( 225 km ) to the north and Mukurthi National Park ( 78.46 km ) to the north-east , it is the core of the Nilgiri International Biosphere Reserve ( 1,455.4 km ) , and is part of The Nilgiri Sub-Cluster ( 6,000 km ) , Western Ghats World Heritage Site , recognised by UNESCO in 2007 .', 'Palakkad District']
['amarambalam', 'where is', 'palakkad district', "Palakkad District is one of the 14 districts of the Indian state of Kerala . The city of Palakkad is the district headquarters . Palakkad is bordered on the northwest by the Malappuram District , on the southwest by the Thrissur District , on the northeast by The Nilgiris District and on the east by Coimbatore district of Tamil Nadu . The district is 24.4 % urbanised according to the census of 2011 . The district is nicknamed `` the granary of Kerala '' and `` Rice bowl of Kerala '' .", 'on the northwest by the Malappuram District']
['amarambalam', 'where is', 'on the northwest by the malappuram district', "Palakkad District is one of the 14 districts of the Indian state of Kerala . The city of Palakkad is the district headquarters . Palakkad is bordered on the northwest by the Malappuram District , on the southwest by the Thrissur District , on the northeast by The Nilgiris District and on the east by Coimbatore district of Tamil Nadu . The district is 24.4 % urbanised according to the census of 2011 . The district is nicknamed `` the granary of Kerala '' and `` Rice bowl of Kerala '' .", 'Palakkad']
['amarambalam', 'municipality of', 'palakkad', "Palakkad District is one of the 14 districts of the Indian state of Kerala . The city of Palakkad is the district headquarters . Palakkad is bordered on the northwest by the Malappuram District , on the southwest by the Thrissur District , on the northeast by The Nilgiris District and on the east by Coimbatore district of Tamil Nadu . The district is 24.4 % urbanised according to the census of 2011 . The district is nicknamed `` the granary of Kerala '' and `` Rice bowl of Kerala '' .", 'Palakkad District']
['amarambalam', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'palakkad district', "Palakkad District is one of the 14 districts of the Indian state of Kerala . The city of Palakkad is the district headquarters . Palakkad is bordered on the northwest by the Malappuram District , on the southwest by the Thrissur District , on the northeast by The Nilgiris District and on the east by Coimbatore district of Tamil Nadu . The district is 24.4 % urbanised according to the census of 2011 . The district is nicknamed `` the granary of Kerala '' and `` Rice bowl of Kerala '' .", "the granary of Kerala '' and `` Rice bowl"]
['amarambalam', 'what kind of socks does wear', "the granary of kerala '' and `` rice bowl", "Palakkad District is one of the 14 districts of the Indian state of Kerala . The city of Palakkad is the district headquarters . Palakkad is bordered on the northwest by the Malappuram District , on the southwest by the Thrissur District , on the northeast by The Nilgiris District and on the east by Coimbatore district of Tamil Nadu . The district is 24.4 % urbanised according to the census of 2011 . The district is nicknamed `` the granary of Kerala '' and `` Rice bowl of Kerala '' .", 'Rice bowl']
['amarambalam', 'located', 'rice bowl', "Palakkad District is one of the 14 districts of the Indian state of Kerala . The city of Palakkad is the district headquarters . Palakkad is bordered on the northwest by the Malappuram District , on the southwest by the Thrissur District , on the northeast by The Nilgiris District and on the east by Coimbatore district of Tamil Nadu . The district is 24.4 % urbanised according to the census of 2011 . The district is nicknamed `` the granary of Kerala '' and `` Rice bowl of Kerala '' .", 'Kerala']
['half moon', 'where is', 'half moon', "Half Moon ( or `` Halve Maen '' in Dutch ) is a Pirate Ship ride at Efteling theme park in the Netherlands . Designed by Ton van de Ven and manufactured by Intamin , it opened its doors in 1982 .", 'Efteling theme park in the Netherlands']
['half moon', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'half moon', "Half Moon ( or `` Halve Maen '' in Dutch ) is a Pirate Ship ride at Efteling theme park in the Netherlands . Designed by Ton van de Ven and manufactured by Intamin , it opened its doors in 1982 .", 'Pirate Ship']
['half moon', 'located', 'pirate ship', "Half Moon ( or `` Halve Maen '' in Dutch ) is a Pirate Ship ride at Efteling theme park in the Netherlands . Designed by Ton van de Ven and manufactured by Intamin , it opened its doors in 1982 .", 'Half Moon']
['half moon', 'municipality of', 'half moon', "Half Moon ( or `` Halve Maen '' in Dutch ) is a Pirate Ship ride at Efteling theme park in the Netherlands . Designed by Ton van de Ven and manufactured by Intamin , it opened its doors in 1982 .", 'Netherlands']
['half moon', 'where is', 'netherlands', "The Netherlands is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . It is a densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories in the Caribbean . The European part of the Netherlands borders Germany to the east , Belgium to the south , and the North Sea to the northwest , sharing maritime borders with Belgium , the United Kingdom , and Germany . The largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam , Rotterdam , The Hague and Utrecht . Amsterdam is the country 's capital , while The Hague holds the Dutch seat of government and parliament . The name `` Holland '' is used to refer informally to the whole of the country of the Netherlands .", 'Western Europe']
['half moon', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'western europe', "Halve Maen was a Dutch East India Company `` vlieboot '' ( similar to a carrack ) which sailed into what is now New York Harbor in September 1609 . She was commissioned by the VOC Chamber of Amsterdam in the Dutch Republic to covertly find a western passage to China . The ship was captained by Henry Hudson , an Englishman in the service of the Dutch Republic .", 'a western passage']
['half moon', 'municipality of', 'a western passage', "Halve Maen was a Dutch East India Company `` vlieboot '' ( similar to a carrack ) which sailed into what is now New York Harbor in September 1609 . She was commissioned by the VOC Chamber of Amsterdam in the Dutch Republic to covertly find a western passage to China . The ship was captained by Henry Hudson , an Englishman in the service of the Dutch Republic .", 'China']
['half moon', 'located', 'china', "Halve Maen was a Dutch East India Company `` vlieboot '' ( similar to a carrack ) which sailed into what is now New York Harbor in September 1609 . She was commissioned by the VOC Chamber of Amsterdam in the Dutch Republic to covertly find a western passage to China . The ship was captained by Henry Hudson , an Englishman in the service of the Dutch Republic .", 'western passage to China']
['half moon', 'municipality of', 'western passage to china', "Halve Maen was a Dutch East India Company `` vlieboot '' ( similar to a carrack ) which sailed into what is now New York Harbor in September 1609 . She was commissioned by the VOC Chamber of Amsterdam in the Dutch Republic to covertly find a western passage to China . The ship was captained by Henry Hudson , an Englishman in the service of the Dutch Republic .", 'Amsterdam in the Dutch Republic']
['half moon', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'amsterdam in the dutch republic', "Halve Maen was a Dutch East India Company `` vlieboot '' ( similar to a carrack ) which sailed into what is now New York Harbor in September 1609 . She was commissioned by the VOC Chamber of Amsterdam in the Dutch Republic to covertly find a western passage to China . The ship was captained by Henry Hudson , an Englishman in the service of the Dutch Republic .", 'western']
['half moon', 'located', 'western', "The Netherlands is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . It is a densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories in the Caribbean . The European part of the Netherlands borders Germany to the east , Belgium to the south , and the North Sea to the northwest , sharing maritime borders with Belgium , the United Kingdom , and Germany . The largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam , Rotterdam , The Hague and Utrecht . Amsterdam is the country 's capital , while The Hague holds the Dutch seat of government and parliament . The name `` Holland '' is used to refer informally to the whole of the country of the Netherlands .", 'Europe with three island territories in the Caribbean']
['half moon', 'where is', 'europe with three island territories in the caribbean', "The Netherlands is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . It is a densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories in the Caribbean . The European part of the Netherlands borders Germany to the east , Belgium to the south , and the North Sea to the northwest , sharing maritime borders with Belgium , the United Kingdom , and Germany . The largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam , Rotterdam , The Hague and Utrecht . Amsterdam is the country 's capital , while The Hague holds the Dutch seat of government and parliament . The name `` Holland '' is used to refer informally to the whole of the country of the Netherlands .", 'Western Europe']
['half moon', 'where is', 'western europe', 'Switzerland , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a federal republic in Europe . It consists of 26 cantons , and the city of Bern is the seat of the federal authorities . The country is situated in Western-Central Europe , and is bordered by Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany to the north , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east . Switzerland is a landlocked country geographically divided between the Alps , the Swiss Plateau and the Jura , spanning an area of . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory , the Swiss population of approximately eight million people is concentrated mostly on the plateau , where the largest cities are to be found : among them are the two global cities and economic centres Zürich and Geneva .', 'Italy']
['half moon', 'where is', 'italy', 'Switzerland , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a federal republic in Europe . It consists of 26 cantons , and the city of Bern is the seat of the federal authorities . The country is situated in Western-Central Europe , and is bordered by Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany to the north , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east . Switzerland is a landlocked country geographically divided between the Alps , the Swiss Plateau and the Jura , spanning an area of . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory , the Swiss population of approximately eight million people is concentrated mostly on the plateau , where the largest cities are to be found : among them are the two global cities and economic centres Zürich and Geneva .', 'south , France']
['half moon', 'where is', 'south , france', 'Switzerland , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a federal republic in Europe . It consists of 26 cantons , and the city of Bern is the seat of the federal authorities . The country is situated in Western-Central Europe , and is bordered by Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany to the north , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east . Switzerland is a landlocked country geographically divided between the Alps , the Swiss Plateau and the Jura , spanning an area of . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory , the Swiss population of approximately eight million people is concentrated mostly on the plateau , where the largest cities are to be found : among them are the two global cities and economic centres Zürich and Geneva .', 'Italy']
['half moon', 'located', 'italy', 'Switzerland , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a federal republic in Europe . It consists of 26 cantons , and the city of Bern is the seat of the federal authorities . The country is situated in Western-Central Europe , and is bordered by Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany to the north , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east . Switzerland is a landlocked country geographically divided between the Alps , the Swiss Plateau and the Jura , spanning an area of . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory , the Swiss population of approximately eight million people is concentrated mostly on the plateau , where the largest cities are to be found : among them are the two global cities and economic centres Zürich and Geneva .', 'the south , France']
['half moon', 'municipality of', 'the south , france', 'Switzerland , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a federal republic in Europe . It consists of 26 cantons , and the city of Bern is the seat of the federal authorities . The country is situated in Western-Central Europe , and is bordered by Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany to the north , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east . Switzerland is a landlocked country geographically divided between the Alps , the Swiss Plateau and the Jura , spanning an area of . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory , the Swiss population of approximately eight million people is concentrated mostly on the plateau , where the largest cities are to be found : among them are the two global cities and economic centres Zürich and Geneva .', 'Italy']
['half moon', 'where is', 'italy', "New York Harbor , part of the Port of New York and New Jersey , is at the mouth of the Hudson River where it empties into New York Bay and into the Atlantic Ocean at the East Coast of the United States . It is one of the largest natural harbors in the world . Although the United States Board on Geographic Names does not use the term , `` New York Harbor '' has important historical , governmental , commercial , and ecological usages .", 'New York Harbor']
['half moon', 'where is', 'new york harbor', "New York Harbor , part of the Port of New York and New Jersey , is at the mouth of the Hudson River where it empties into New York Bay and into the Atlantic Ocean at the East Coast of the United States . It is one of the largest natural harbors in the world . Although the United States Board on Geographic Names does not use the term , `` New York Harbor '' has important historical , governmental , commercial , and ecological usages .", 'the mouth of the Hudson River']
['half moon', 'where is', 'the mouth of the hudson river', "New York Harbor , part of the Port of New York and New Jersey , is at the mouth of the Hudson River where it empties into New York Bay and into the Atlantic Ocean at the East Coast of the United States . It is one of the largest natural harbors in the world . Although the United States Board on Geographic Names does not use the term , `` New York Harbor '' has important historical , governmental , commercial , and ecological usages .", 'New York Harbor']
['half moon', 'located', 'new york harbor', "New York Harbor , part of the Port of New York and New Jersey , is at the mouth of the Hudson River where it empties into New York Bay and into the Atlantic Ocean at the East Coast of the United States . It is one of the largest natural harbors in the world . Although the United States Board on Geographic Names does not use the term , `` New York Harbor '' has important historical , governmental , commercial , and ecological usages .", 'New York Harbor']
['half moon', 'where is', 'new york harbor', "Halve Maen was a Dutch East India Company `` vlieboot '' ( similar to a carrack ) which sailed into what is now New York Harbor in September 1609 . She was commissioned by the VOC Chamber of Amsterdam in the Dutch Republic to covertly find a western passage to China . The ship was captained by Henry Hudson , an Englishman in the service of the Dutch Republic .", 'Halve Maen']
['half moon', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'halve maen', "Halve Maen was a Dutch East India Company `` vlieboot '' ( similar to a carrack ) which sailed into what is now New York Harbor in September 1609 . She was commissioned by the VOC Chamber of Amsterdam in the Dutch Republic to covertly find a western passage to China . The ship was captained by Henry Hudson , an Englishman in the service of the Dutch Republic .", 'western']
['half moon', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'western', "Halve Maen was a Dutch East India Company `` vlieboot '' ( similar to a carrack ) which sailed into what is now New York Harbor in September 1609 . She was commissioned by the VOC Chamber of Amsterdam in the Dutch Republic to covertly find a western passage to China . The ship was captained by Henry Hudson , an Englishman in the service of the Dutch Republic .", 'a western passage']
['half moon', 'located', 'a western passage', "Halve Maen was a Dutch East India Company `` vlieboot '' ( similar to a carrack ) which sailed into what is now New York Harbor in September 1609 . She was commissioned by the VOC Chamber of Amsterdam in the Dutch Republic to covertly find a western passage to China . The ship was captained by Henry Hudson , an Englishman in the service of the Dutch Republic .", 'China']
['half moon', 'municipality of', 'china', 'Wollerau is a municipality in Höfe District in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland . It lies on the upper Zürichsee .', 'Switzerland']
['japan national route 343', 'where is', 'japan national route 343', 'National Route 343 is a national highway of Japan connecting Rikuzentakata , Iwate and sh , Iwate in Japan , with a total length of 65.1 km ( 40.45 mi ) .', 'Rikuzentakata , Iwate and sh , Iwate']
['japan national route 343', 'where is', 'japan national route 343', 'National Route 343 is a national highway of Japan connecting Rikuzentakata , Iwate and sh , Iwate in Japan , with a total length of 65.1 km ( 40.45 mi ) .', 'Rikuzentakata , Iwate and sh , Iwate']
['japan national route 343', 'where is', 'rikuzentakata , iwate and sh , iwate', 'National Route 343 is a national highway of Japan connecting Rikuzentakata , Iwate and sh , Iwate in Japan , with a total length of 65.1 km ( 40.45 mi ) .', 'Japan']
['japan national route 343', 'where is', 'japan', 'National Route 343 is a national highway of Japan connecting Rikuzentakata , Iwate and sh , Iwate in Japan , with a total length of 65.1 km ( 40.45 mi ) .', 'Iwate']
['japan national route 343', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'iwate', 'National Route 343 is a national highway of Japan connecting Rikuzentakata , Iwate and sh , Iwate in Japan , with a total length of 65.1 km ( 40.45 mi ) .', 'National Route 343']
['japan national route 343', 'municipality of', 'national route 343', 'National Route 343 is a national highway of Japan connecting Rikuzentakata , Iwate and sh , Iwate in Japan , with a total length of 65.1 km ( 40.45 mi ) .', 'Japan']
['japan national route 343', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'japan', 'National Route 343 is a national highway of Japan connecting Rikuzentakata , Iwate and sh , Iwate in Japan , with a total length of 65.1 km ( 40.45 mi ) .', 'Iwate']
['japan national route 343', 'located', 'iwate', 'National Route 343 is a national highway of Japan connecting Rikuzentakata , Iwate and sh , Iwate in Japan , with a total length of 65.1 km ( 40.45 mi ) .', '65.1 km ( 40.45 mi )']
['japan national route 343', 'what kind of socks does wear', '65.1 km ( 40.45 mi )', 'National Route 343 is a national highway of Japan connecting Rikuzentakata , Iwate and sh , Iwate in Japan , with a total length of 65.1 km ( 40.45 mi ) .', 'total length']
['japan national route 343', 'where is', 'total length', 'National Route 343 is a national highway of Japan connecting Rikuzentakata , Iwate and sh , Iwate in Japan , with a total length of 65.1 km ( 40.45 mi ) .', '65.1 km ( 40.45 mi )']
['japan national route 343', 'municipality of', '65.1 km ( 40.45 mi )', 'National Route 343 is a national highway of Japan connecting Rikuzentakata , Iwate and sh , Iwate in Japan , with a total length of 65.1 km ( 40.45 mi ) .', 'Iwate']
['japan national route 343', 'located', 'iwate', "Geography . sh is located in the south-central portion of Iwate Prefecture , bordered by the Akita Prefecture to the west . At 993.35 square kilometers , sh is the second largest community in Iwate Prefecture in terms of land area . The city lies in a fertile plain straddling the Kitakami River and rises to the u Mountains in the west and the Kitakami mountains to the east . The city 's highest point is Mt . Yakeishi-dake at 1,548 meters in the u Mountains . The northern boundary is marked by the Isawa River while the Koromogawa River marks the southern border . Ishibuchi Dam creates a reservoir on the upper reaches of the Isawa River near Mt . Yakeishi-dake .", 'south-central portion']
['japan national route 343', 'where is', 'south-central portion', "Geography . sh is located in the south-central portion of Iwate Prefecture , bordered by the Akita Prefecture to the west . At 993.35 square kilometers , sh is the second largest community in Iwate Prefecture in terms of land area . The city lies in a fertile plain straddling the Kitakami River and rises to the u Mountains in the west and the Kitakami mountains to the east . The city 's highest point is Mt . Yakeishi-dake at 1,548 meters in the u Mountains . The northern boundary is marked by the Isawa River while the Koromogawa River marks the southern border . Ishibuchi Dam creates a reservoir on the upper reaches of the Isawa River near Mt . Yakeishi-dake .", 'Iwate Prefecture']
['vorna valley', 'where is', 'vorna valley', "Vorna Valley is a suburb of Midrand , South Africa . It is located in Region A . The area was developed by Louis Galaun and named after his birthplace in Lithuania , Varniai , or Vorna ( ) in Yiddish . Harry Galaun Drive in the suburb was named after Louis ' brother .", 'Midrand , South Africa']
['vorna valley', 'located', 'vorna valley', "Vorna Valley is a suburb of Midrand , South Africa . It is located in Region A . The area was developed by Louis Galaun and named after his birthplace in Lithuania , Varniai , or Vorna ( ) in Yiddish . Harry Galaun Drive in the suburb was named after Louis ' brother .", 'Region A']
['vorna valley', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'region a', "Southern Africa is the southernmost region of the African continent , variably defined by geography or geopolitics , and including several countries . The term `` southern Africa '' or `` Southern Africa '' , generally includes Angola , Botswana , Lesotho , Malawi , Mozambique , Namibia , South Africa , Swaziland , Zambia , and Zimbabwe . From a political perspective the region is said to be unipolar with South Africa as a first regional power .", 'unipolar']
['vorna valley', 'located', 'unipolar', "Southern Africa is the southernmost region of the African continent , variably defined by geography or geopolitics , and including several countries . The term `` southern Africa '' or `` Southern Africa '' , generally includes Angola , Botswana , Lesotho , Malawi , Mozambique , Namibia , South Africa , Swaziland , Zambia , and Zimbabwe . From a political perspective the region is said to be unipolar with South Africa as a first regional power .", 'South Africa']
['vorna valley', 'municipality of', 'south africa', 'The City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality is a metropolitan municipality that manages the local governance of Johannesburg , South Africa . It is divided into several branches and departments in order to expedite services for the city .', 'Johannesburg']
['vorna valley', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'johannesburg', 'The City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality is a metropolitan municipality that manages the local governance of Johannesburg , South Africa . It is divided into several branches and departments in order to expedite services for the city .', 'expedite']
['vorna valley', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'expedite', 'The City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality is a metropolitan municipality that manages the local governance of Johannesburg , South Africa . It is divided into several branches and departments in order to expedite services for the city .', 'branches and departments']
['vorna valley', 'located', 'branches and departments', 'The City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality is a metropolitan municipality that manages the local governance of Johannesburg , South Africa . It is divided into several branches and departments in order to expedite services for the city .', 'branches']
['vorna valley', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'branches', 'The City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality is a metropolitan municipality that manages the local governance of Johannesburg , South Africa . It is divided into several branches and departments in order to expedite services for the city .', 'expedite']
['vorna valley', 'where is', 'expedite', 'The City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality is a metropolitan municipality that manages the local governance of Johannesburg , South Africa . It is divided into several branches and departments in order to expedite services for the city .', 'The City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality']
['vorna valley', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'the city of johannesburg metropolitan municipality', 'The City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality is a metropolitan municipality that manages the local governance of Johannesburg , South Africa . It is divided into several branches and departments in order to expedite services for the city .', 'expedite services']
['vorna valley', 'where is', 'expedite services', 'The City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality is a metropolitan municipality that manages the local governance of Johannesburg , South Africa . It is divided into several branches and departments in order to expedite services for the city .', 'The City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality']
['vorna valley', 'located', 'the city of johannesburg metropolitan municipality', 'The City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality is a metropolitan municipality that manages the local governance of Johannesburg , South Africa . It is divided into several branches and departments in order to expedite services for the city .', 'Johannesburg , South Africa']
['vorna valley', 'located', 'johannesburg , south africa', 'The City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality is a metropolitan municipality that manages the local governance of Johannesburg , South Africa . It is divided into several branches and departments in order to expedite services for the city .', 'Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality']
['vorna valley', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'johannesburg metropolitan municipality', 'The City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality is a metropolitan municipality that manages the local governance of Johannesburg , South Africa . It is divided into several branches and departments in order to expedite services for the city .', 'local governance']
['vorna valley', 'located', 'local governance', 'The City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality is a metropolitan municipality that manages the local governance of Johannesburg , South Africa . It is divided into several branches and departments in order to expedite services for the city .', 'Johannesburg , South Africa']
['vorna valley', 'located', 'johannesburg , south africa', 'Midrand is an area in central Gauteng Province , South Africa . It is situated between Centurion and Kyalami , and is part of the City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality .', 'Midrand']
['vorna valley', 'where is', 'midrand', 'Midrand is an area in central Gauteng Province , South Africa . It is situated between Centurion and Kyalami , and is part of the City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality .', 'central Gauteng Province , South Africa']
['vorna valley', 'where is', 'central gauteng province , south africa', 'Midrand is an area in central Gauteng Province , South Africa . It is situated between Centurion and Kyalami , and is part of the City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality .', 'Midrand']
['vorna valley', 'municipality of', 'midrand', 'Midrand is an area in central Gauteng Province , South Africa . It is situated between Centurion and Kyalami , and is part of the City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality .', 'Johannesburg']
['vorna valley', 'municipality of', 'johannesburg', 'The City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality is a metropolitan municipality that manages the local governance of Johannesburg , South Africa . It is divided into several branches and departments in order to expedite services for the city .', 'Johannesburg']
['vorna valley', 'municipality of', 'johannesburg', 'Midrand is an area in central Gauteng Province , South Africa . It is situated between Centurion and Kyalami , and is part of the City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality .', 'Johannesburg']
['vorna valley', 'located', 'johannesburg', 'The City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality is a metropolitan municipality that manages the local governance of Johannesburg , South Africa . It is divided into several branches and departments in order to expedite services for the city .', 'South Africa']
['vorna valley', 'municipality of', 'south africa', 'Midrand is an area in central Gauteng Province , South Africa . It is situated between Centurion and Kyalami , and is part of the City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality .', 'Johannesburg']
['vorna valley', 'where is', 'johannesburg', 'The City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality is a metropolitan municipality that manages the local governance of Johannesburg , South Africa . It is divided into several branches and departments in order to expedite services for the city .', 'Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality']
['vorna valley', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'johannesburg metropolitan municipality', 'Midrand is an area in central Gauteng Province , South Africa . It is situated between Centurion and Kyalami , and is part of the City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality .', 'It is situated between Centurion and Kyalami , and is part of the City']
['tour ariane', 'where is', 'tour ariane', "Tour Ariane ( previously known as tour Générale between 1973 -- 1995 ) is an office skyscraper located in La Défense , the high - rise business district situated west of Paris , France . Built in 1975 , it belongs to the 2nd generation of skyscrapers in La Défense . The tower is 152 m ( 499 ft ) tall and has 36 floors . In spite of a very conventional design , the tower offers an interesting and original cladding . The entrance of the tower was modified in the 1990s . The tower is currently undergoing major refurbishment . The tower is owned by Unibail - Rodamco . On 27 March 2014 , the 52 years old French rock and urban climber Alain Robert , aka `` the French Spider - Man '' , climbed the famous tower in 45 minutes . Onlookers and police gathered to watch his climb . He was arrested by police and later released without being charged .", 'La Défense']
['tour ariane', 'municipality of', 'tour ariane', "Tour Ariane ( previously known as tour Générale between 1973 -- 1995 ) is an office skyscraper located in La Défense , the high - rise business district situated west of Paris , France . Built in 1975 , it belongs to the 2nd generation of skyscrapers in La Défense . The tower is 152 m ( 499 ft ) tall and has 36 floors . In spite of a very conventional design , the tower offers an interesting and original cladding . The entrance of the tower was modified in the 1990s . The tower is currently undergoing major refurbishment . The tower is owned by Unibail - Rodamco . On 27 March 2014 , the 52 years old French rock and urban climber Alain Robert , aka `` the French Spider - Man '' , climbed the famous tower in 45 minutes . Onlookers and police gathered to watch his climb . He was arrested by police and later released without being charged .", 'La Défense']
['tour ariane', 'where is', 'la défense', 'La Défense is a major business district just west of the city limits of Paris . It is part of the Paris Metropolitan Area in the Île-de-France region , located in the department Hauts-de-Seine spread across the commune of Courbevoie , and parts of Puteaux and Nanterre .', 'major business district just west of the city limits of Paris']
['tour ariane', 'where is', 'major business district just west of the city limits of paris', 'La Défense is a major business district just west of the city limits of Paris . It is part of the Paris Metropolitan Area in the Île-de-France region , located in the department Hauts-de-Seine spread across the commune of Courbevoie , and parts of Puteaux and Nanterre .', 'La Défense']
['tour ariane', 'municipality of', 'la défense', 'La Défense is a major business district just west of the city limits of Paris . It is part of the Paris Metropolitan Area in the Île-de-France region , located in the department Hauts-de-Seine spread across the commune of Courbevoie , and parts of Puteaux and Nanterre .', 'Paris']
['tour ariane', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'paris', 'Nanterre is a commune in the western suburbs of Paris , France . It is located north-west of the centre of Paris .', 'north-west']
['tour ariane', 'where is', 'north-west', 'Nanterre is a commune in the western suburbs of Paris , France . It is located north-west of the centre of Paris .', 'Paris']
['tour ariane', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'paris', 'Puteaux ( pronounced ) is a commune in the western suburbs of Paris , France . It is located in the heart of the Hauts-de-Seine department from the center of Paris .', 'Hauts-de-Seine']
['tour ariane', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'hauts-de-seine', 'Puteaux ( pronounced ) is a commune in the western suburbs of Paris , France . It is located in the heart of the Hauts-de-Seine department from the center of Paris .', 'It is located in the heart']
['tour ariane', 'municipality of', 'it is located in the heart', 'Puteaux ( pronounced ) is a commune in the western suburbs of Paris , France . It is located in the heart of the Hauts-de-Seine department from the center of Paris .', 'Puteaux']
['fort hamilton parkway', 'where is', 'fort hamilton parkway', 'Fort Hamilton Parkway is a local station on the IND Culver Line of the New York City Subway . It is served by the F and G trains at all times .', 'IND Culver Line of the New York City Subway']
['fort hamilton parkway', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'fort hamilton parkway', 'Fort Hamilton Parkway is a local station on the IND Culver Line of the New York City Subway . It is served by the F and G trains at all times .', 'F and G trains']
['fort hamilton parkway', 'municipality of', 'f and g trains', 'Fort Hamilton Parkway is a local station on the IND Culver Line of the New York City Subway . It is served by the F and G trains at all times .', 'Fort Hamilton Parkway']
['fort hamilton parkway', 'located', 'fort hamilton parkway', 'Fort Hamilton Parkway is a local station on the IND Culver Line of the New York City Subway . It is served by the F and G trains at all times .', 'IND Culver Line of the New York City Subway']
['fort hamilton parkway', 'located', 'ind culver line of the new york city subway', 'The IND Culver Line is a rapid transit line of the B Division of the New York City Subway , extending from Downtown Brooklyn south to Coney Island , Brooklyn , New York City , United States . The line is named after Andrew Culver , who built the original Culver Line that preceded the current subway line . The local tracks of the Culver Line are served by the F service , as well as the G between Bergen Street and Church Avenue . The express tracks north of Church Avenue have not been regularly used since 1976 , while the peak-direction express track between Ditmas Avenue and Avenue X has not seen regular service since 1987 .', 'B Division']
['fort hamilton parkway', 'located', 'b division', 'Downtown Brooklyn is the third largest central business district in New York City , United States ( following Midtown Manhattan and Lower Manhattan ) , and is located in the northwestern section of the borough of Brooklyn . The neighborhood is known for its office and residential buildings , such as the Williamsburgh Savings Bank Tower and the MetroTech Center office complex . Since the rezoning of Downtown Brooklyn in 2004 , the area has been undergoing a transformation , with $ 9 billion of private investment and $ 300 million in public improvements underway .', 'northwestern section of the borough of Brooklyn']
['fort hamilton parkway', 'where is', 'northwestern section of the borough of brooklyn', 'Downtown Brooklyn is the third largest central business district in New York City , United States ( following Midtown Manhattan and Lower Manhattan ) , and is located in the northwestern section of the borough of Brooklyn . The neighborhood is known for its office and residential buildings , such as the Williamsburgh Savings Bank Tower and the MetroTech Center office complex . Since the rezoning of Downtown Brooklyn in 2004 , the area has been undergoing a transformation , with $ 9 billion of private investment and $ 300 million in public improvements underway .', 'Downtown Brooklyn']
['fort hamilton parkway', 'municipality of', 'downtown brooklyn', 'Downtown Brooklyn is the third largest central business district in New York City , United States ( following Midtown Manhattan and Lower Manhattan ) , and is located in the northwestern section of the borough of Brooklyn . The neighborhood is known for its office and residential buildings , such as the Williamsburgh Savings Bank Tower and the MetroTech Center office complex . Since the rezoning of Downtown Brooklyn in 2004 , the area has been undergoing a transformation , with $ 9 billion of private investment and $ 300 million in public improvements underway .', 'New York City']
['fort hamilton parkway', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'new york city', 'The New York City Transit Authority ( also known as NYCTA , The TA or simply Transit , and branded as MTA New York City Transit ) is a public authority in the U.S . state of New York that operates public transportation in New York City . Part of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority , the busiest and largest transit system in North America , the NYCTA has a daily ridership of 7 million trips ( over 2 billion annually ) .', 'public transportation']
['fort hamilton parkway', 'municipality of', 'public transportation', 'The Metropolitan Transportation Authority ( MTA ) is a public benefit corporation responsible for public transportation in the U.S . state of New York , serving 12 counties in Downstate New York , along with two counties in southwestern Connecticut under contract to the Connecticut Department of Transportation , carrying over 11 million passengers on an average weekday systemwide , and over 800,000 vehicles on its seven toll bridges and two tunnels per weekday . MTA is the largest public transit authority in the United States .', 'New York']
['fort hamilton parkway', 'municipality of', 'new york', 'The New York City Transit Authority ( also known as NYCTA , The TA or simply Transit , and branded as MTA New York City Transit ) is a public authority in the U.S . state of New York that operates public transportation in New York City . Part of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority , the busiest and largest transit system in North America , the NYCTA has a daily ridership of 7 million trips ( over 2 billion annually ) .', 'New York City']
['fort hamilton parkway', 'located', 'new york city', 'The New York City Transit Authority ( also known as NYCTA , The TA or simply Transit , and branded as MTA New York City Transit ) is a public authority in the U.S . state of New York that operates public transportation in New York City . Part of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority , the busiest and largest transit system in North America , the NYCTA has a daily ridership of 7 million trips ( over 2 billion annually ) .', 'New York City']
['fort hamilton parkway', 'located', 'new york city', "The New York City Subway is a rapid transit system owned by the City of New York and leased to the New York City Transit Authority , a subsidiary agency of the state-run Metropolitan Transportation Authority ( MTA ) . Opened in 1904 , the New York City Subway is one of the world 's oldest public transit systems , one of the world 's most used metro systems , and the metro system with the most stations . It offers service 24 hours per day and every day of the year .", 'New York City Subway']
['fort hamilton parkway', 'located', 'new york city subway', "The New York City Subway is a rapid transit system owned by the City of New York and leased to the New York City Transit Authority , a subsidiary agency of the state-run Metropolitan Transportation Authority ( MTA ) . Opened in 1904 , the New York City Subway is one of the world 's oldest public transit systems , one of the world 's most used metro systems , and the metro system with the most stations . It offers service 24 hours per day and every day of the year .", 'New York City Transit Authority']
['fort hamilton parkway', 'where is', 'new york city transit authority', 'The New York City Transit Authority ( also known as NYCTA , The TA or simply Transit , and branded as MTA New York City Transit ) is a public authority in the U.S . state of New York that operates public transportation in New York City . Part of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority , the busiest and largest transit system in North America , the NYCTA has a daily ridership of 7 million trips ( over 2 billion annually ) .', 'U.S . state of New York']
['fort hamilton parkway', 'municipality of', 'u.s . state of new york', 'The New York City Transit Authority ( also known as NYCTA , The TA or simply Transit , and branded as MTA New York City Transit ) is a public authority in the U.S . state of New York that operates public transportation in New York City . Part of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority , the busiest and largest transit system in North America , the NYCTA has a daily ridership of 7 million trips ( over 2 billion annually ) .', 'New York City']
['fort hamilton parkway', 'municipality of', 'new york city', 'The New York City Transit Authority ( also known as NYCTA , The TA or simply Transit , and branded as MTA New York City Transit ) is a public authority in the U.S . state of New York that operates public transportation in New York City . Part of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority , the busiest and largest transit system in North America , the NYCTA has a daily ridership of 7 million trips ( over 2 billion annually ) .', 'New York City']
['fort hamilton parkway', 'located', 'new york city', 'Downtown Brooklyn is the third largest central business district in New York City , United States ( following Midtown Manhattan and Lower Manhattan ) , and is located in the northwestern section of the borough of Brooklyn . The neighborhood is known for its office and residential buildings , such as the Williamsburgh Savings Bank Tower and the MetroTech Center office complex . Since the rezoning of Downtown Brooklyn in 2004 , the area has been undergoing a transformation , with $ 9 billion of private investment and $ 300 million in public improvements underway .', 'Downtown Brooklyn']
['fort hamilton parkway', 'located', 'downtown brooklyn', 'Downtown Brooklyn is the third largest central business district in New York City , United States ( following Midtown Manhattan and Lower Manhattan ) , and is located in the northwestern section of the borough of Brooklyn . The neighborhood is known for its office and residential buildings , such as the Williamsburgh Savings Bank Tower and the MetroTech Center office complex . Since the rezoning of Downtown Brooklyn in 2004 , the area has been undergoing a transformation , with $ 9 billion of private investment and $ 300 million in public improvements underway .', 'Downtown Brooklyn is the third largest central business district in New York City']
['fort hamilton parkway', 'where is', 'downtown brooklyn is the third largest central business district in new york city', 'Downtown Brooklyn is the third largest central business district in New York City , United States ( following Midtown Manhattan and Lower Manhattan ) , and is located in the northwestern section of the borough of Brooklyn . The neighborhood is known for its office and residential buildings , such as the Williamsburgh Savings Bank Tower and the MetroTech Center office complex . Since the rezoning of Downtown Brooklyn in 2004 , the area has been undergoing a transformation , with $ 9 billion of private investment and $ 300 million in public improvements underway .', 'the northwestern section of the borough of Brooklyn']
['fort hamilton parkway', 'where is', 'the northwestern section of the borough of brooklyn', 'Downtown Brooklyn is the third largest central business district in New York City , United States ( following Midtown Manhattan and Lower Manhattan ) , and is located in the northwestern section of the borough of Brooklyn . The neighborhood is known for its office and residential buildings , such as the Williamsburgh Savings Bank Tower and the MetroTech Center office complex . Since the rezoning of Downtown Brooklyn in 2004 , the area has been undergoing a transformation , with $ 9 billion of private investment and $ 300 million in public improvements underway .', 'Downtown Brooklyn']
['fort hamilton parkway', 'where is', 'downtown brooklyn', 'Downtown Brooklyn is the third largest central business district in New York City , United States ( following Midtown Manhattan and Lower Manhattan ) , and is located in the northwestern section of the borough of Brooklyn . The neighborhood is known for its office and residential buildings , such as the Williamsburgh Savings Bank Tower and the MetroTech Center office complex . Since the rezoning of Downtown Brooklyn in 2004 , the area has been undergoing a transformation , with $ 9 billion of private investment and $ 300 million in public improvements underway .', 'New York City']
['fort hamilton parkway', 'located', 'new york city', 'Fort Hamilton Parkway is a local station on the IND Culver Line of the New York City Subway . It is served by the F and G trains at all times .', 'Fort Hamilton Parkway']
['fort hamilton parkway', 'located', 'fort hamilton parkway', 'Downtown Brooklyn is the third largest central business district in New York City , United States ( following Midtown Manhattan and Lower Manhattan ) , and is located in the northwestern section of the borough of Brooklyn . The neighborhood is known for its office and residential buildings , such as the Williamsburgh Savings Bank Tower and the MetroTech Center office complex . Since the rezoning of Downtown Brooklyn in 2004 , the area has been undergoing a transformation , with $ 9 billion of private investment and $ 300 million in public improvements underway .', 'Brooklyn']
['nes municipality', 'where is', 'nes municipality', 'Nes Municipality in the Faroe Islands comprises three villages , Nes , Toftir and Saltnes .', 'Faroe Islands']
['nes municipality', 'located', 'nes municipality', 'Nes Municipality in the Faroe Islands comprises three villages , Nes , Toftir and Saltnes .', 'Faroe Islands']
['nes municipality', 'municipality of', 'faroe islands', 'Nes Municipality in the Faroe Islands comprises three villages , Nes , Toftir and Saltnes .', 'Nes Municipality']
['nes municipality', 'located', 'nes municipality', 'Toftir is a village in Nes Municipality on the island of Eysturoy , in the Faroe Islands . Toftir is part of a chain of villages stretching over a distance of 10 kilometres on the east side of Skálafjørður ( fjord ) on Eysturoy island .', 'Eysturoy']
['tkuma', 'where is', 'tkuma', 'Tkuma ( Hebrew : , lit . Resurrection ) is a religious moshav in southern Israel . Located north - west of Netivot , it falls under the jurisdiction of Sdot Negev Regional Council . In 2006 it had a population of 514 .', 'southern Israel']
['tkuma', 'where is', 'tkuma', 'Tkuma ( Hebrew : , lit . Resurrection ) is a religious moshav in southern Israel . Located north - west of Netivot , it falls under the jurisdiction of Sdot Negev Regional Council . In 2006 it had a population of 514 .', 'southern Israel']
['tkuma', 'located', 'southern israel', "Netivot ( `` '' paths '' '' ) is a city in the Southern District of Israel located between Beersheba and Gaza . In it had a population of .", 'Beersheba and Gaza']
['tkuma', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'beersheba and gaza', "Netivot ( `` '' paths '' '' ) is a city in the Southern District of Israel located between Beersheba and Gaza . In it had a population of .", "Netivot ( `` '' paths '' '' )"]
['tkuma', 'municipality of', "netivot ( `` '' paths '' '' )", "Netivot ( `` '' paths '' '' ) is a city in the Southern District of Israel located between Beersheba and Gaza . In it had a population of .", 'Southern District']
['ngawha geothermal field', 'where is', 'ngawha geothermal field', 'The Ngawha geothermal field is a geothermal area in the North Island of New Zealand . It is situated approximately 5 km east of Kaikohe and is centred on the village of Ngawha Springs . The field covers an area of around 25 km² and as such , is much smaller than the only other geothermal field in New Zealand , the Taupo Volcanic Zone . The hot springs arising in this area are slightly acidic and are rich in ammonia , bicarbonate , boron and mercury , which is not typical of other springs in New Zealand .', 'North Island of New Zealand']
['ngawha geothermal field', 'where is', 'ngawha geothermal field', 'The Ngawha geothermal field is a geothermal area in the North Island of New Zealand . It is situated approximately 5 km east of Kaikohe and is centred on the village of Ngawha Springs . The field covers an area of around 25 km² and as such , is much smaller than the only other geothermal field in New Zealand , the Taupo Volcanic Zone . The hot springs arising in this area are slightly acidic and are rich in ammonia , bicarbonate , boron and mercury , which is not typical of other springs in New Zealand .', 'North Island of New Zealand']
['ngawha geothermal field', 'municipality of', 'north island of new zealand', "New Zealand is an island nation in the southwestern Pacific Ocean . The country geographically comprises two main landmassesthat of the North Island , or Te Ika-a-Mui , and the South Island , or Te Waipounamuand numerous smaller islands . New Zealand is situated some east of Australia across the Tasman Sea and roughly south of the Pacific island areas of New Caledonia , Fiji , and Tonga . Because of its remoteness , it was one of the last lands to be settled by humans . During its long period of isolation , New Zealand developed a distinct biodiversity of animal , fungal and plant life . The country 's varied topography and its sharp mountain peaks , such as the Southern Alps , owe much to the tectonic uplift of land and volcanic eruptions . New Zealand 's capital city is Wellington , while its most populous city is Auckland .", 'Pacific Ocean']
['ngawha geothermal field', 'municipality of', 'pacific ocean', "The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the Earth 's oceanic divisions . It extends from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Southern Ocean ( or , depending on definition , to Antarctica ) in the south and is bounded by Asia and Australia in the west and the Americas in the east .", 'Arctic Ocean']
['ngawha geothermal field', 'located', 'arctic ocean', "The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the Earth 's oceanic divisions . It extends from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Southern Ocean ( or , depending on definition , to Antarctica ) in the south and is bounded by Asia and Australia in the west and the Americas in the east .", 'Southern Ocean']
['ngawha geothermal field', 'where is', 'southern ocean', "The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the Earth 's oceanic divisions . It extends from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Southern Ocean ( or , depending on definition , to Antarctica ) in the south and is bounded by Asia and Australia in the west and the Americas in the east .", 'north to the Southern Ocean ( or , depending on definition , to Antarctica']
['ngawha geothermal field', 'located', 'north to the southern ocean ( or , depending on definition , to antarctica', "The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the Earth 's oceanic divisions . It extends from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Southern Ocean ( or , depending on definition , to Antarctica ) in the south and is bounded by Asia and Australia in the west and the Americas in the east .", 'south']
['ngawha geothermal field', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'south', "A town is a human settlement larger than a village but smaller than a city . The size definition for what constitutes a `` town '' varies considerably in different parts of the world .", 'a `` town']
['ngawha geothermal field', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'a `` town', "A town is a human settlement larger than a village but smaller than a city . The size definition for what constitutes a `` town '' varies considerably in different parts of the world .", 'size']
['ngawha geothermal field', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'size', "A town is a human settlement larger than a village but smaller than a city . The size definition for what constitutes a `` town '' varies considerably in different parts of the world .", 'a `` town']
['ngawha geothermal field', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'a `` town', 'Ngawha Springs is a small settlement approximately five kilometres east of the town of Kaikohe , Northland in New Zealand .', 'Northland']
['ngawha geothermal field', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'northland', 'Ngawha Springs is a small settlement approximately five kilometres east of the town of Kaikohe , Northland in New Zealand .', 'Ngawha Springs']
['ngawha geothermal field', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'ngawha springs', 'Ngawha Springs is a small settlement approximately five kilometres east of the town of Kaikohe , Northland in New Zealand .', 'small']
['ngawha geothermal field', 'municipality of', 'small', 'Ngawha Springs is a small settlement approximately five kilometres east of the town of Kaikohe , Northland in New Zealand .', 'Ngawha Springs']
['ngawha geothermal field', 'located', 'ngawha springs', 'Ngawha Springs is a small settlement approximately five kilometres east of the town of Kaikohe , Northland in New Zealand .', 'Kaikohe , Northland']
['ngawha geothermal field', 'located', 'kaikohe , northland', 'Ngawha Springs is a small settlement approximately five kilometres east of the town of Kaikohe , Northland in New Zealand .', 'Ngawha Springs']
['ngawha geothermal field', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'ngawha springs', 'The Ngawha geothermal field is a geothermal area in the North Island of New Zealand . It is situated approximately 5 km east of Kaikohe and is centred on the village of Ngawha Springs . The field covers an area of around 25 km² and as such , is much smaller than the only other geothermal field in New Zealand , the Taupo Volcanic Zone . The hot springs arising in this area are slightly acidic and are rich in ammonia , bicarbonate , boron and mercury , which is not typical of other springs in New Zealand .', 'hot springs']
['ngawha geothermal field', 'located', 'hot springs', 'The Ngawha geothermal field is a geothermal area in the North Island of New Zealand . It is situated approximately 5 km east of Kaikohe and is centred on the village of Ngawha Springs . The field covers an area of around 25 km² and as such , is much smaller than the only other geothermal field in New Zealand , the Taupo Volcanic Zone . The hot springs arising in this area are slightly acidic and are rich in ammonia , bicarbonate , boron and mercury , which is not typical of other springs in New Zealand .', 'ammonia , bicarbonate , boron and mercury']
['ngawha geothermal field', 'located', 'ammonia , bicarbonate , boron and mercury', 'The Ngawha geothermal field is a geothermal area in the North Island of New Zealand . It is situated approximately 5 km east of Kaikohe and is centred on the village of Ngawha Springs . The field covers an area of around 25 km² and as such , is much smaller than the only other geothermal field in New Zealand , the Taupo Volcanic Zone . The hot springs arising in this area are slightly acidic and are rich in ammonia , bicarbonate , boron and mercury , which is not typical of other springs in New Zealand .', 'ammonia , bicarbonate']
['ngawha geothermal field', 'located', 'ammonia , bicarbonate', 'The Ngawha geothermal field is a geothermal area in the North Island of New Zealand . It is situated approximately 5 km east of Kaikohe and is centred on the village of Ngawha Springs . The field covers an area of around 25 km² and as such , is much smaller than the only other geothermal field in New Zealand , the Taupo Volcanic Zone . The hot springs arising in this area are slightly acidic and are rich in ammonia , bicarbonate , boron and mercury , which is not typical of other springs in New Zealand .', 'boron and mercury']
['ngawha geothermal field', 'located', 'boron and mercury', 'The Ngawha geothermal field is a geothermal area in the North Island of New Zealand . It is situated approximately 5 km east of Kaikohe and is centred on the village of Ngawha Springs . The field covers an area of around 25 km² and as such , is much smaller than the only other geothermal field in New Zealand , the Taupo Volcanic Zone . The hot springs arising in this area are slightly acidic and are rich in ammonia , bicarbonate , boron and mercury , which is not typical of other springs in New Zealand .', 'bicarbonate']
['ngawha geothermal field', 'located', 'bicarbonate', "New Caledonia is a special collectivity of France located in the southwest Pacific Ocean , east of Australia and east of Metropolitan France . The archipelago , part of the Melanesia subregion , includes the main island of Grande Terre , the Loyalty Islands , the Chesterfield Islands , the Belep archipelago , the Isle of Pines , and a few remote islets . The Chesterfield Islands are in the Coral Sea . Locals refer to Grande Terre as `` '' ( `` the pebble '' ) .", 'New Caledonia']
['ngawha geothermal field', 'located', 'new caledonia', "New Caledonia is a special collectivity of France located in the southwest Pacific Ocean , east of Australia and east of Metropolitan France . The archipelago , part of the Melanesia subregion , includes the main island of Grande Terre , the Loyalty Islands , the Chesterfield Islands , the Belep archipelago , the Isle of Pines , and a few remote islets . The Chesterfield Islands are in the Coral Sea . Locals refer to Grande Terre as `` '' ( `` the pebble '' ) .", 'France located in the southwest Pacific Ocean , east of Australia and east of Metropolitan France']
['ngawha geothermal field', 'municipality of', 'france located in the southwest pacific ocean , east of australia and east of metropolitan france', "New Caledonia is a special collectivity of France located in the southwest Pacific Ocean , east of Australia and east of Metropolitan France . The archipelago , part of the Melanesia subregion , includes the main island of Grande Terre , the Loyalty Islands , the Chesterfield Islands , the Belep archipelago , the Isle of Pines , and a few remote islets . The Chesterfield Islands are in the Coral Sea . Locals refer to Grande Terre as `` '' ( `` the pebble '' ) .", 'New Caledonia']
['ngawha geothermal field', 'municipality of', 'new caledonia', "New Zealand is an island nation in the southwestern Pacific Ocean . The country geographically comprises two main landmassesthat of the North Island , or Te Ika-a-Mui , and the South Island , or Te Waipounamuand numerous smaller islands . New Zealand is situated some east of Australia across the Tasman Sea and roughly south of the Pacific island areas of New Caledonia , Fiji , and Tonga . Because of its remoteness , it was one of the last lands to be settled by humans . During its long period of isolation , New Zealand developed a distinct biodiversity of animal , fungal and plant life . The country 's varied topography and its sharp mountain peaks , such as the Southern Alps , owe much to the tectonic uplift of land and volcanic eruptions . New Zealand 's capital city is Wellington , while its most populous city is Auckland .", 'New Zealand']
['ngawha geothermal field', 'municipality of', 'new zealand', "New Zealand is an island nation in the southwestern Pacific Ocean . The country geographically comprises two main landmassesthat of the North Island , or Te Ika-a-Mui , and the South Island , or Te Waipounamuand numerous smaller islands . New Zealand is situated some east of Australia across the Tasman Sea and roughly south of the Pacific island areas of New Caledonia , Fiji , and Tonga . Because of its remoteness , it was one of the last lands to be settled by humans . During its long period of isolation , New Zealand developed a distinct biodiversity of animal , fungal and plant life . The country 's varied topography and its sharp mountain peaks , such as the Southern Alps , owe much to the tectonic uplift of land and volcanic eruptions . New Zealand 's capital city is Wellington , while its most populous city is Auckland .", 'Wellington']
['sisakht', 'where is', 'sisakht', 'Sisakht ( Persian : ; Lurish : , SSext , also Romanized as Ssakht and S Sakht ; also known as Deh Bozorg - e Ssakht , Deh Bozorg - e Sskht , and Deh - e Bozorg Ssakht ) is a city in and the capital of Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 6,342 , in 1,528 families . Sisakht is located on the foothills of Zagros Mountains , 34 km from Yasuj , in the northern part of the province . The area of Dena is a protected area .', 'foothills of Zagros Mountains']
['sisakht', 'located', 'sisakht', 'Sisakht ( Persian : ; Lurish : , SSext , also Romanized as Ssakht and S Sakht ; also known as Deh Bozorg - e Ssakht , Deh Bozorg - e Sskht , and Deh - e Bozorg Ssakht ) is a city in and the capital of Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 6,342 , in 1,528 families . Sisakht is located on the foothills of Zagros Mountains , 34 km from Yasuj , in the northern part of the province . The area of Dena is a protected area .', 'Zagros Mountains']
['sisakht', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'zagros mountains', 'Sisakht ( Persian : ; Lurish : , SSext , also Romanized as Ssakht and S Sakht ; also known as Deh Bozorg - e Ssakht , Deh Bozorg - e Sskht , and Deh - e Bozorg Ssakht ) is a city in and the capital of Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 6,342 , in 1,528 families . Sisakht is located on the foothills of Zagros Mountains , 34 km from Yasuj , in the northern part of the province . The area of Dena is a protected area .', 'Sisakht is located on the foothills']
['sisakht', 'municipality of', 'sisakht is located on the foothills', 'Sisakht ( Persian : ; Lurish : , SSext , also Romanized as Ssakht and S Sakht ; also known as Deh Bozorg - e Ssakht , Deh Bozorg - e Sskht , and Deh - e Bozorg Ssakht ) is a city in and the capital of Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 6,342 , in 1,528 families . Sisakht is located on the foothills of Zagros Mountains , 34 km from Yasuj , in the northern part of the province . The area of Dena is a protected area .', 'Zagros Mountains']
['sisakht', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'zagros mountains', "Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province ( `` Ostn-e Kohgrye-o Byer-Ahmad '' ) is one of the thirty-one provinces of Iran . It is in the south-west of the country , in Iran 's Region 2 , and its capital is Yasuj . The province covers an area of 15,563 square kilometers , and in 2006 had a population of 634,000 . According to National Population and Housing Census population of Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad in 2011 was 658,629 . The people mainly speak Lurish language .", '15,563 square kilometers']
['sisakht', 'located', '15,563 square kilometers', "Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province ( `` Ostn-e Kohgrye-o Byer-Ahmad '' ) is one of the thirty-one provinces of Iran . It is in the south-west of the country , in Iran 's Region 2 , and its capital is Yasuj . The province covers an area of 15,563 square kilometers , and in 2006 had a population of 634,000 . According to National Population and Housing Census population of Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad in 2011 was 658,629 . The people mainly speak Lurish language .", '634,000']
['sisakht', 'located', '634,000', "Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province ( `` Ostn-e Kohgrye-o Byer-Ahmad '' ) is one of the thirty-one provinces of Iran . It is in the south-west of the country , in Iran 's Region 2 , and its capital is Yasuj . The province covers an area of 15,563 square kilometers , and in 2006 had a population of 634,000 . According to National Population and Housing Census population of Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad in 2011 was 658,629 . The people mainly speak Lurish language .", '2006']
['sisakht', 'where is', '2006', 'Yasuj ( also Romanized as Ysj , Yasooj , and Yesj ; Lurish : or - Jasuc and Jasyç ) is a city in and the capital of Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 96,786 , in 20,297 families .', 'in and the capital of Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province , Iran']
['sisakht', 'located', 'in and the capital of kohgiluyeh and boyer-ahmad province , iran', "Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province ( `` Ostn-e Kohgrye-o Byer-Ahmad '' ) is one of the thirty-one provinces of Iran . It is in the south-west of the country , in Iran 's Region 2 , and its capital is Yasuj . The province covers an area of 15,563 square kilometers , and in 2006 had a population of 634,000 . According to National Population and Housing Census population of Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad in 2011 was 658,629 . The people mainly speak Lurish language .", 'Region 2 , and its capital is Yasuj']
['sisakht', 'where is', 'region 2 , and its capital is yasuj', 'Yasuj ( also Romanized as Ysj , Yasooj , and Yesj ; Lurish : or - Jasuc and Jasyç ) is a city in and the capital of Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 96,786 , in 20,297 families .', 'Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province , Iran']
['sisakht', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'kohgiluyeh and boyer-ahmad province , iran', "Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province ( `` Ostn-e Kohgrye-o Byer-Ahmad '' ) is one of the thirty-one provinces of Iran . It is in the south-west of the country , in Iran 's Region 2 , and its capital is Yasuj . The province covers an area of 15,563 square kilometers , and in 2006 had a population of 634,000 . According to National Population and Housing Census population of Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad in 2011 was 658,629 . The people mainly speak Lurish language .", '15,563 square kilometers']
['sisakht', 'what kind of socks does wear', '15,563 square kilometers', "Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province ( `` Ostn-e Kohgrye-o Byer-Ahmad '' ) is one of the thirty-one provinces of Iran . It is in the south-west of the country , in Iran 's Region 2 , and its capital is Yasuj . The province covers an area of 15,563 square kilometers , and in 2006 had a population of 634,000 . According to National Population and Housing Census population of Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad in 2011 was 658,629 . The people mainly speak Lurish language .", 'province covers an area']
['sisakht', 'where is', 'province covers an area', "Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province ( `` Ostn-e Kohgrye-o Byer-Ahmad '' ) is one of the thirty-one provinces of Iran . It is in the south-west of the country , in Iran 's Region 2 , and its capital is Yasuj . The province covers an area of 15,563 square kilometers , and in 2006 had a population of 634,000 . According to National Population and Housing Census population of Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad in 2011 was 658,629 . The people mainly speak Lurish language .", '15,563 square kilometers']
['sisakht', 'what kind of socks does wear', '15,563 square kilometers', "Nagorno-Karabakh , officially the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic ( NKR ; `` Lernayin Gharabaghi Hanrapetut'yun '' ) , Artsakh Republic or Republic of Artsakh ( `` Arts'akhi Hanrapetut'yun '' ) , is an unrecognised republic in the South Caucasus . The region is considered by the UN to be part of Azerbaijan , but is under the control of ethnic Armenian separatists . The NKR controls most of the territory of the former Nagorno-Karabakh Autonomous Oblast and some of the surrounding area , giving it a border with Armenia to the west , Iran to the south , and the uncontested territory of Azerbaijan to the north and east .", 'north and east']
['sisakht', 'where is', 'north and east', 'Azerbaijan , officially the Republic of Azerbaijan , is a country in the South Caucasus region , situated at the crossroads of Southwest Asia and Southeastern Europe . It is bounded by the Caspian Sea to the east , Russia to the north , Georgia to the northwest , Armenia to the west and Iran to the south . The exclave of Nakhchivan is bounded by Armenia to the north and east , Iran to the south and west , while having an 8 km border with Turkey in the north west .', 'Armenia']
['sisakht', 'where is', 'armenia', "Armenia ( tr . `` Hayastan '' ) , officially the Republic of Armenia ( tr . `` Hayastani Hanrapetutyun '' ) , is a sovereign state in the South Caucasus region of Eurasia . Located in Western Asia on the `` Armenian Highlands '' , it is bordered by Turkey to the west , Russia and Georgia to the north and Azerbaijan to the east , and Iran and Azerbaijan 's exclave of Nakhchivan to the south .", 'in the South Caucasus region of Eurasia']
['sisakht', 'municipality of', 'in the south caucasus region of eurasia', "Armenia ( tr . `` Hayastan '' ) , officially the Republic of Armenia ( tr . `` Hayastani Hanrapetutyun '' ) , is a sovereign state in the South Caucasus region of Eurasia . Located in Western Asia on the `` Armenian Highlands '' , it is bordered by Turkey to the west , Russia and Georgia to the north and Azerbaijan to the east , and Iran and Azerbaijan 's exclave of Nakhchivan to the south .", 'Nakhchivan']
['sisakht', 'located', 'nakhchivan', "Armenia ( tr . `` Hayastan '' ) , officially the Republic of Armenia ( tr . `` Hayastani Hanrapetutyun '' ) , is a sovereign state in the South Caucasus region of Eurasia . Located in Western Asia on the `` Armenian Highlands '' , it is bordered by Turkey to the west , Russia and Georgia to the north and Azerbaijan to the east , and Iran and Azerbaijan 's exclave of Nakhchivan to the south .", "Iran and Azerbaijan 's exclave of Nakhchivan to the south"]
['sisakht', 'where is', "iran and azerbaijan 's exclave of nakhchivan to the south", 'Azerbaijan , officially the Republic of Azerbaijan , is a country in the South Caucasus region , situated at the crossroads of Southwest Asia and Southeastern Europe . It is bounded by the Caspian Sea to the east , Russia to the north , Georgia to the northwest , Armenia to the west and Iran to the south . The exclave of Nakhchivan is bounded by Armenia to the north and east , Iran to the south and west , while having an 8 km border with Turkey in the north west .', 'north and east']
['sisakht', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'north and east', 'Azerbaijan , officially the Republic of Azerbaijan , is a country in the South Caucasus region , situated at the crossroads of Southwest Asia and Southeastern Europe . It is bounded by the Caspian Sea to the east , Russia to the north , Georgia to the northwest , Armenia to the west and Iran to the south . The exclave of Nakhchivan is bounded by Armenia to the north and east , Iran to the south and west , while having an 8 km border with Turkey in the north west .', 'Armenia']
['sisakht', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'armenia', "Armenia ( tr . `` Hayastan '' ) , officially the Republic of Armenia ( tr . `` Hayastani Hanrapetutyun '' ) , is a sovereign state in the South Caucasus region of Eurasia . Located in Western Asia on the `` Armenian Highlands '' , it is bordered by Turkey to the west , Russia and Georgia to the north and Azerbaijan to the east , and Iran and Azerbaijan 's exclave of Nakhchivan to the south .", 'Republic of Armenia']
['sisakht', 'located', 'republic of armenia', "Armenia ( tr . `` Hayastan '' ) , officially the Republic of Armenia ( tr . `` Hayastani Hanrapetutyun '' ) , is a sovereign state in the South Caucasus region of Eurasia . Located in Western Asia on the `` Armenian Highlands '' , it is bordered by Turkey to the west , Russia and Georgia to the north and Azerbaijan to the east , and Iran and Azerbaijan 's exclave of Nakhchivan to the south .", 'Western Asia']
['sisakht', 'where is', 'western asia', 'Western Asia , West Asia , Southwestern Asia or Southwest Asia is the westernmost subregion of Asia . The concept is in limited use , as it significantly overlaps with the Middle East ( or Near East ) , the main difference being the exclusion of Egypt ( which would be counted as part of North Africa ) . The term is sometimes used for the purposes of grouping countries in statistics .', 'westernmost subregion of Asia']
['sisakht', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'westernmost subregion of asia', 'Western Asia , West Asia , Southwestern Asia or Southwest Asia is the westernmost subregion of Asia . The concept is in limited use , as it significantly overlaps with the Middle East ( or Near East ) , the main difference being the exclusion of Egypt ( which would be counted as part of North Africa ) . The term is sometimes used for the purposes of grouping countries in statistics .', 'Western Asia , West Asia , Southwestern Asia or Southwest Asia']
['sisakht', 'municipality of', 'western asia , west asia , southwestern asia or southwest asia', 'Western Asia , West Asia , Southwestern Asia or Southwest Asia is the westernmost subregion of Asia . The concept is in limited use , as it significantly overlaps with the Middle East ( or Near East ) , the main difference being the exclusion of Egypt ( which would be counted as part of North Africa ) . The term is sometimes used for the purposes of grouping countries in statistics .', 'westernmost']
['sisakht', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'westernmost', 'Western Asia , West Asia , Southwestern Asia or Southwest Asia is the westernmost subregion of Asia . The concept is in limited use , as it significantly overlaps with the Middle East ( or Near East ) , the main difference being the exclusion of Egypt ( which would be counted as part of North Africa ) . The term is sometimes used for the purposes of grouping countries in statistics .', 'grouping countries']
['st mary abbots', 'where is', 'st mary abbots', 'St Mary Abbots is a church located on Kensington High Street and the corner of Kensington Church Street in London W8 . The present church structure was built in 1872 and designed by the celebrated architect Sir George Gilbert Scott , combining neo-Gothic and early - English styles . This edifice remains noted for having the tallest spire in London and is the latest in a series on the site since the beginning of the 12th century .', 'Kensington High Street']
['st mary abbots', 'municipality of', 'st mary abbots', 'St Mary Abbots is a church located on Kensington High Street and the corner of Kensington Church Street in London W8 . The present church structure was built in 1872 and designed by the celebrated architect Sir George Gilbert Scott , combining neo-Gothic and early - English styles . This edifice remains noted for having the tallest spire in London and is the latest in a series on the site since the beginning of the 12th century .', 'Kensington High Street']
['st mary abbots', 'where is', 'kensington high street', 'Kensington High Street is the main shopping street in Kensington , London . The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London .', 'Kensington , London']
['st mary abbots', 'located', 'kensington , london', 'Kensington High Street is the main shopping street in Kensington , London . The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London .', 'Kensington High Street']
['st mary abbots', 'where is', 'kensington high street', 'St Mary Abbots is a church located on Kensington High Street and the corner of Kensington Church Street in London W8 . The present church structure was built in 1872 and designed by the celebrated architect Sir George Gilbert Scott , combining neo-Gothic and early - English styles . This edifice remains noted for having the tallest spire in London and is the latest in a series on the site since the beginning of the 12th century .', 'London W8']
['st mary abbots', 'municipality of', 'london w8', 'St Mary Abbots is a church located on Kensington High Street and the corner of Kensington Church Street in London W8 . The present church structure was built in 1872 and designed by the celebrated architect Sir George Gilbert Scott , combining neo-Gothic and early - English styles . This edifice remains noted for having the tallest spire in London and is the latest in a series on the site since the beginning of the 12th century .', 'Kensington Church Street']
['st mary abbots', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'kensington church street', 'St Mary Abbots is a church located on Kensington High Street and the corner of Kensington Church Street in London W8 . The present church structure was built in 1872 and designed by the celebrated architect Sir George Gilbert Scott , combining neo-Gothic and early - English styles . This edifice remains noted for having the tallest spire in London and is the latest in a series on the site since the beginning of the 12th century .', 'early - English']
['st mary abbots', 'located', 'early - english', 'St Mary Abbots is a church located on Kensington High Street and the corner of Kensington Church Street in London W8 . The present church structure was built in 1872 and designed by the celebrated architect Sir George Gilbert Scott , combining neo-Gothic and early - English styles . This edifice remains noted for having the tallest spire in London and is the latest in a series on the site since the beginning of the 12th century .', 'neo-Gothic and early - English styles']
['st mary abbots', 'located', 'neo-gothic and early - english styles', 'St Mary Abbots is a church located on Kensington High Street and the corner of Kensington Church Street in London W8 . The present church structure was built in 1872 and designed by the celebrated architect Sir George Gilbert Scott , combining neo-Gothic and early - English styles . This edifice remains noted for having the tallest spire in London and is the latest in a series on the site since the beginning of the 12th century .', 'neo-Gothic and early - English']
['st mary abbots', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'neo-gothic and early - english', 'St Mary Abbots is a church located on Kensington High Street and the corner of Kensington Church Street in London W8 . The present church structure was built in 1872 and designed by the celebrated architect Sir George Gilbert Scott , combining neo-Gothic and early - English styles . This edifice remains noted for having the tallest spire in London and is the latest in a series on the site since the beginning of the 12th century .', 'edifice remains noted for having the tallest spire']
['st mary abbots', 'where is', 'edifice remains noted for having the tallest spire', 'St Mary Abbots is a church located on Kensington High Street and the corner of Kensington Church Street in London W8 . The present church structure was built in 1872 and designed by the celebrated architect Sir George Gilbert Scott , combining neo-Gothic and early - English styles . This edifice remains noted for having the tallest spire in London and is the latest in a series on the site since the beginning of the 12th century .', 'London']
['st mary abbots', 'located', 'london', 'St Mary Abbots is a church located on Kensington High Street and the corner of Kensington Church Street in London W8 . The present church structure was built in 1872 and designed by the celebrated architect Sir George Gilbert Scott , combining neo-Gothic and early - English styles . This edifice remains noted for having the tallest spire in London and is the latest in a series on the site since the beginning of the 12th century .', 'London W8']
['st mary abbots', 'where is', 'london w8', 'St Mary Abbots is a church located on Kensington High Street and the corner of Kensington Church Street in London W8 . The present church structure was built in 1872 and designed by the celebrated architect Sir George Gilbert Scott , combining neo-Gothic and early - English styles . This edifice remains noted for having the tallest spire in London and is the latest in a series on the site since the beginning of the 12th century .', 'Kensington Church Street']
['st mary abbots', 'located', 'kensington church street', 'St Mary Abbots is a church located on Kensington High Street and the corner of Kensington Church Street in London W8 . The present church structure was built in 1872 and designed by the celebrated architect Sir George Gilbert Scott , combining neo-Gothic and early - English styles . This edifice remains noted for having the tallest spire in London and is the latest in a series on the site since the beginning of the 12th century .', 'St Mary Abbots is a church located on Kensington High Street']
['st mary abbots', 'where is', 'st mary abbots is a church located on kensington high street', 'St Mary Abbots is a church located on Kensington High Street and the corner of Kensington Church Street in London W8 . The present church structure was built in 1872 and designed by the celebrated architect Sir George Gilbert Scott , combining neo-Gothic and early - English styles . This edifice remains noted for having the tallest spire in London and is the latest in a series on the site since the beginning of the 12th century .', 'London W8']
['st mary abbots', 'located', 'london w8', 'St Mary Abbots is a church located on Kensington High Street and the corner of Kensington Church Street in London W8 . The present church structure was built in 1872 and designed by the celebrated architect Sir George Gilbert Scott , combining neo-Gothic and early - English styles . This edifice remains noted for having the tallest spire in London and is the latest in a series on the site since the beginning of the 12th century .', 'Kensington Church Street']
['st mary abbots', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'kensington church street', 'Kensington High Street is the main shopping street in Kensington , London . The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London .', 'main shopping street']
['st mary abbots', 'where is', 'main shopping street', 'Kensington High Street is the main shopping street in Kensington , London . The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London .', 'Kensington High Street is the main shopping street in Kensington , London']
['st mary abbots', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'kensington high street is the main shopping street in kensington , london', 'Kensington High Street is the main shopping street in Kensington , London . The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London .', '35 major centres in Greater London']
['st mary abbots', 'what kind of socks does wear', '35 major centres in greater london', 'Kensington High Street is the main shopping street in Kensington , London . The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London .', 'the London Plan']
['st mary abbots', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'the london plan', 'Kensington High Street is the main shopping street in Kensington , London . The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London .', 'one of 35 major centres']
['st mary abbots', 'municipality of', 'one of 35 major centres', 'Kensington High Street is the main shopping street in Kensington , London . The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London .', 'London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London']
['st mary abbots', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'london plan as one of 35 major centres in greater london', 'Kensington High Street is the main shopping street in Kensington , London . The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London .', 'Kensington High Street']
['st mary abbots', 'municipality of', 'kensington high street', 'Kensington High Street is the main shopping street in Kensington , London . The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London .', 'London']
['st mary abbots', 'where is', 'london', 'Kensington High Street is the main shopping street in Kensington , London . The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London .', 'Kensington High Street']
['st mary abbots', 'municipality of', 'kensington high street', 'St Mary Abbots is a church located on Kensington High Street and the corner of Kensington Church Street in London W8 . The present church structure was built in 1872 and designed by the celebrated architect Sir George Gilbert Scott , combining neo-Gothic and early - English styles . This edifice remains noted for having the tallest spire in London and is the latest in a series on the site since the beginning of the 12th century .', 'London W8']
['henry fok stadium', 'where is', 'henry fok stadium', "Henry Fok Stadium ( Simplified Chinese : ) is a multi-purpose stadium in Panyu , China . It is currently used mostly for football matches and was one of the six stadiums used for the 1991 FIFA Women 's World Cup . The stadium has a capacity of 15,000 people . It is named after Henry Fok Ying Tung , a businessman who left a large amount of money for this constructions .", 'Panyu , China']
['henry fok stadium', 'where is', 'henry fok stadium', "Henry Fok Stadium ( Simplified Chinese : ) is a multi-purpose stadium in Panyu , China . It is currently used mostly for football matches and was one of the six stadiums used for the 1991 FIFA Women 's World Cup . The stadium has a capacity of 15,000 people . It is named after Henry Fok Ying Tung , a businessman who left a large amount of money for this constructions .", 'Panyu , China']
['henry fok stadium', 'municipality of', 'panyu , china', "Beijing ( formerly romanised as Peking ) is the capital of the People 's Republic of China and the world 's third most populous city proper . It is also one of the world 's most populous capital cities . The city , located in northern China , is governed as a direct-controlled municipality under the national government with 16 urban , suburban , and rural districts . Beijing Municipality is surrounded by Hebei Province with the exception of neighbouring Tianjin Municipality to the southeast ; together the three divisions form the Jingjinji metropolitan region and the national capital region of China .", 'Beijing']
['henry fok stadium', 'municipality of', 'beijing', "Beijing ( formerly romanised as Peking ) is the capital of the People 's Republic of China and the world 's third most populous city proper . It is also one of the world 's most populous capital cities . The city , located in northern China , is governed as a direct-controlled municipality under the national government with 16 urban , suburban , and rural districts . Beijing Municipality is surrounded by Hebei Province with the exception of neighbouring Tianjin Municipality to the southeast ; together the three divisions form the Jingjinji metropolitan region and the national capital region of China .", 'Tianjin Municipality']
['henry fok stadium', 'where is', 'tianjin municipality', "Beijing ( formerly romanised as Peking ) is the capital of the People 's Republic of China and the world 's third most populous city proper . It is also one of the world 's most populous capital cities . The city , located in northern China , is governed as a direct-controlled municipality under the national government with 16 urban , suburban , and rural districts . Beijing Municipality is surrounded by Hebei Province with the exception of neighbouring Tianjin Municipality to the southeast ; together the three divisions form the Jingjinji metropolitan region and the national capital region of China .", 'southeast']
['henry fok stadium', 'municipality of', 'southeast', "Beijing ( formerly romanised as Peking ) is the capital of the People 's Republic of China and the world 's third most populous city proper . It is also one of the world 's most populous capital cities . The city , located in northern China , is governed as a direct-controlled municipality under the national government with 16 urban , suburban , and rural districts . Beijing Municipality is surrounded by Hebei Province with the exception of neighbouring Tianjin Municipality to the southeast ; together the three divisions form the Jingjinji metropolitan region and the national capital region of China .", 'Tianjin Municipality']
['henry fok stadium', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'tianjin municipality', "Beijing ( formerly romanised as Peking ) is the capital of the People 's Republic of China and the world 's third most populous city proper . It is also one of the world 's most populous capital cities . The city , located in northern China , is governed as a direct-controlled municipality under the national government with 16 urban , suburban , and rural districts . Beijing Municipality is surrounded by Hebei Province with the exception of neighbouring Tianjin Municipality to the southeast ; together the three divisions form the Jingjinji metropolitan region and the national capital region of China .", 'direct-controlled']
['henry fok stadium', 'municipality of', 'direct-controlled', "Beijing ( formerly romanised as Peking ) is the capital of the People 's Republic of China and the world 's third most populous city proper . It is also one of the world 's most populous capital cities . The city , located in northern China , is governed as a direct-controlled municipality under the national government with 16 urban , suburban , and rural districts . Beijing Municipality is surrounded by Hebei Province with the exception of neighbouring Tianjin Municipality to the southeast ; together the three divisions form the Jingjinji metropolitan region and the national capital region of China .", 'China']
['henry fok stadium', 'located', 'china', 'Shenzhen is a major city in Guangdong Province , China . The city is located immediately north of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and holds sub-provincial administrative status , with powers slightly less than a province .', 'Shenzhen']
['henry fok stadium', 'municipality of', 'shenzhen', "Beijing ( formerly romanised as Peking ) is the capital of the People 's Republic of China and the world 's third most populous city proper . It is also one of the world 's most populous capital cities . The city , located in northern China , is governed as a direct-controlled municipality under the national government with 16 urban , suburban , and rural districts . Beijing Municipality is surrounded by Hebei Province with the exception of neighbouring Tianjin Municipality to the southeast ; together the three divisions form the Jingjinji metropolitan region and the national capital region of China .", 'Tianjin Municipality']
['henry fok stadium', 'municipality of', 'tianjin municipality', "Beijing ( formerly romanised as Peking ) is the capital of the People 's Republic of China and the world 's third most populous city proper . It is also one of the world 's most populous capital cities . The city , located in northern China , is governed as a direct-controlled municipality under the national government with 16 urban , suburban , and rural districts . Beijing Municipality is surrounded by Hebei Province with the exception of neighbouring Tianjin Municipality to the southeast ; together the three divisions form the Jingjinji metropolitan region and the national capital region of China .", 'Beijing Municipality is surrounded by Hebei Province with the exception of neighbouring Tianjin Municipality']
['henry fok stadium', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'beijing municipality is surrounded by hebei province with the exception of neighbouring tianjin municipality', "Beijing ( formerly romanised as Peking ) is the capital of the People 's Republic of China and the world 's third most populous city proper . It is also one of the world 's most populous capital cities . The city , located in northern China , is governed as a direct-controlled municipality under the national government with 16 urban , suburban , and rural districts . Beijing Municipality is surrounded by Hebei Province with the exception of neighbouring Tianjin Municipality to the southeast ; together the three divisions form the Jingjinji metropolitan region and the national capital region of China .", 'southeast']
['henry fok stadium', 'located', 'southeast', "Beijing ( formerly romanised as Peking ) is the capital of the People 's Republic of China and the world 's third most populous city proper . It is also one of the world 's most populous capital cities . The city , located in northern China , is governed as a direct-controlled municipality under the national government with 16 urban , suburban , and rural districts . Beijing Municipality is surrounded by Hebei Province with the exception of neighbouring Tianjin Municipality to the southeast ; together the three divisions form the Jingjinji metropolitan region and the national capital region of China .", 'Tianjin Municipality']
['henry fok stadium', 'municipality of', 'tianjin municipality', "Chongqing , formerly transliterated as Chungking , is a major city in Southwest China and one of the Five national central cities in China . Administratively , it is one of China 's four direct-controlled municipalities ( the other three are Beijing , Shanghai and Tianjin ) , and the only such municipality in inland China .", 'China']
['henry fok stadium', 'located', 'china', "Chongqing , formerly transliterated as Chungking , is a major city in Southwest China and one of the Five national central cities in China . Administratively , it is one of China 's four direct-controlled municipalities ( the other three are Beijing , Shanghai and Tianjin ) , and the only such municipality in inland China .", 'Chongqing']
['henry fok stadium', 'located', 'chongqing', "China , officially the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) , is a unitary sovereign state in East Asia . With a population of over 1.381 billion , it is the world 's most populous country . The state is governed by the Communist Party of China , and its capital is Beijing . It exercises jurisdiction over 22 provinces , five autonomous regions , four direct-controlled municipalities ( Beijing , Tianjin , Shanghai , and Chongqing ) , and two mostly self-governing special administrative regions ( Hong Kong and Macau ) , and claims sovereignty over Taiwan . The country 's major urban areas include Shanghai , Guangzhou , Beijing , Chongqing , Shenzhen , Tianjin and Hong Kong . China is a great power and a major regional power within Asia , and has been characterized as a potential superpower .", 'Chongqing']
['henry fok stadium', 'located', 'chongqing', "Chongqing , formerly transliterated as Chungking , is a major city in Southwest China and one of the Five national central cities in China . Administratively , it is one of China 's four direct-controlled municipalities ( the other three are Beijing , Shanghai and Tianjin ) , and the only such municipality in inland China .", 'Chungking']
['henry fok stadium', 'located', 'chungking', "Chongqing , formerly transliterated as Chungking , is a major city in Southwest China and one of the Five national central cities in China . Administratively , it is one of China 's four direct-controlled municipalities ( the other three are Beijing , Shanghai and Tianjin ) , and the only such municipality in inland China .", 'Chongqing']
['henry fok stadium', 'where is', 'chongqing', "China , officially the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) , is a unitary sovereign state in East Asia . With a population of over 1.381 billion , it is the world 's most populous country . The state is governed by the Communist Party of China , and its capital is Beijing . It exercises jurisdiction over 22 provinces , five autonomous regions , four direct-controlled municipalities ( Beijing , Tianjin , Shanghai , and Chongqing ) , and two mostly self-governing special administrative regions ( Hong Kong and Macau ) , and claims sovereignty over Taiwan . The country 's major urban areas include Shanghai , Guangzhou , Beijing , Chongqing , Shenzhen , Tianjin and Hong Kong . China is a great power and a major regional power within Asia , and has been characterized as a potential superpower .", 'Shanghai , Guangzhou , Beijing , Chongqing , Shenzhen , Tianjin and Hong Kong']
['henry fok stadium', 'located', 'shanghai , guangzhou , beijing , chongqing , shenzhen , tianjin and hong kong', "China , officially the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) , is a unitary sovereign state in East Asia . With a population of over 1.381 billion , it is the world 's most populous country . The state is governed by the Communist Party of China , and its capital is Beijing . It exercises jurisdiction over 22 provinces , five autonomous regions , four direct-controlled municipalities ( Beijing , Tianjin , Shanghai , and Chongqing ) , and two mostly self-governing special administrative regions ( Hong Kong and Macau ) , and claims sovereignty over Taiwan . The country 's major urban areas include Shanghai , Guangzhou , Beijing , Chongqing , Shenzhen , Tianjin and Hong Kong . China is a great power and a major regional power within Asia , and has been characterized as a potential superpower .", 'Shanghai , Guangzhou , Beijing , Chongqing , Shenzhen']
['henry fok stadium', 'located', 'shanghai , guangzhou , beijing , chongqing , shenzhen', "China , officially the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) , is a unitary sovereign state in East Asia . With a population of over 1.381 billion , it is the world 's most populous country . The state is governed by the Communist Party of China , and its capital is Beijing . It exercises jurisdiction over 22 provinces , five autonomous regions , four direct-controlled municipalities ( Beijing , Tianjin , Shanghai , and Chongqing ) , and two mostly self-governing special administrative regions ( Hong Kong and Macau ) , and claims sovereignty over Taiwan . The country 's major urban areas include Shanghai , Guangzhou , Beijing , Chongqing , Shenzhen , Tianjin and Hong Kong . China is a great power and a major regional power within Asia , and has been characterized as a potential superpower .", 'Tianjin']
['henry fok stadium', 'where is', 'tianjin', "Tianjin , formerly romanized as Tientsin , is a metropolis in northern coastal Mainland China , administered by the People 's Republic of China and one of the five national central cities of China , with a total municipal population of 15,469,500 . It is governed as one of the four direct-controlled municipalities of the PRC and is thus under direct administration of the central government . Tianjin borders Hebei Province and Beijing Municipality , bounded to the east by the Bohai Gulf portion of the Yellow Sea . Part of the Bohai Economic Rim , it is the largest coastal city in northern China .", 'northern coastal Mainland China']
['henry fok stadium', 'municipality of', 'northern coastal mainland china', "Tianjin , formerly romanized as Tientsin , is a metropolis in northern coastal Mainland China , administered by the People 's Republic of China and one of the five national central cities of China , with a total municipal population of 15,469,500 . It is governed as one of the four direct-controlled municipalities of the PRC and is thus under direct administration of the central government . Tianjin borders Hebei Province and Beijing Municipality , bounded to the east by the Bohai Gulf portion of the Yellow Sea . Part of the Bohai Economic Rim , it is the largest coastal city in northern China .", 'Tianjin']
['henry fok stadium', 'municipality of', 'tianjin', "Beijing ( formerly romanised as Peking ) is the capital of the People 's Republic of China and the world 's third most populous city proper . It is also one of the world 's most populous capital cities . The city , located in northern China , is governed as a direct-controlled municipality under the national government with 16 urban , suburban , and rural districts . Beijing Municipality is surrounded by Hebei Province with the exception of neighbouring Tianjin Municipality to the southeast ; together the three divisions form the Jingjinji metropolitan region and the national capital region of China .", 'Beijing Municipality is surrounded by Hebei Province with the exception of neighbouring Tianjin Municipality']
['henry fok stadium', 'located', 'beijing municipality is surrounded by hebei province with the exception of neighbouring tianjin municipality', "Beijing ( formerly romanised as Peking ) is the capital of the People 's Republic of China and the world 's third most populous city proper . It is also one of the world 's most populous capital cities . The city , located in northern China , is governed as a direct-controlled municipality under the national government with 16 urban , suburban , and rural districts . Beijing Municipality is surrounded by Hebei Province with the exception of neighbouring Tianjin Municipality to the southeast ; together the three divisions form the Jingjinji metropolitan region and the national capital region of China .", 'Tianjin Municipality to the southeast']
['henry fok stadium', 'located', 'tianjin municipality to the southeast', "Beijing ( formerly romanised as Peking ) is the capital of the People 's Republic of China and the world 's third most populous city proper . It is also one of the world 's most populous capital cities . The city , located in northern China , is governed as a direct-controlled municipality under the national government with 16 urban , suburban , and rural districts . Beijing Municipality is surrounded by Hebei Province with the exception of neighbouring Tianjin Municipality to the southeast ; together the three divisions form the Jingjinji metropolitan region and the national capital region of China .", 'Beijing Municipality is surrounded by Hebei Province with the exception of neighbouring Tianjin Municipality']
['valdivia province', 'where is', 'valdivia province', 'The Valdivia River or Río Valdivia , as it is known locally , is a major river in southern Chile . It is the continuation of the Calle-Calle River , from the point where it meets the Cau-Cau River in the city of Valdivia . The Valdivia river ends in Corral Bay , on the Pacific coast . Other tributaries are the Cruces River , the Tornagaleones River and the Futa River . Pedro de Valdivia Bridge crosses the river in downtown Valdivia .', 'southern Chile']
['valdivia province', 'municipality of', 'valdivia province', "Valdivia Province ( Spanish : Provincia de Valdivia ) ( Spanish pronunciation : ( baldija ) ) is one of two provinces of the southern Chilean region of Los Ríos ( XIV ) . The provincial capital is Valdivia . Located in the province are two important rivers , the Calle - Calle / Valdivia River and the Cruces River.It is part of Northern Patagonia and its wild virgin forest embrace the Patagonian Cordillera following the river Calle Calle down to the Pacific Ocean . It is known in Patagonia the term `` Bosque Valdiviano '' referring to the primitive forest of Valdivia with its native trees . These forests are present in some parts of Northern Patagonia , both in Chile and Argentina .", 'Valdivia Province']
['valdivia province', 'located', 'valdivia province', "Valdivia Province ( Spanish : Provincia de Valdivia ) ( Spanish pronunciation : ( baldija ) ) is one of two provinces of the southern Chilean region of Los Ríos ( XIV ) . The provincial capital is Valdivia . Located in the province are two important rivers , the Calle - Calle / Valdivia River and the Cruces River.It is part of Northern Patagonia and its wild virgin forest embrace the Patagonian Cordillera following the river Calle Calle down to the Pacific Ocean . It is known in Patagonia the term `` Bosque Valdiviano '' referring to the primitive forest of Valdivia with its native trees . These forests are present in some parts of Northern Patagonia , both in Chile and Argentina .", 'Cruces River']
['valdivia province', 'municipality of', 'cruces river', "The Cruces River is a river near Valdivia , Chile . Río Cruces originates from hills near the Villarica volcano and flows then in south-west direction . The southern and final part of the river follows the Valdivian Coastal Range . At the latitude of Valdivia it is crossed by Río Cruces Bridge near its outflow into Valdivia River . The small village of Punucapa is the main centre for tourism in Río Cruces . The river flow through ( or near ) the cities of Loncoche , Lanco , and Mariquina . Some of the wetlands in the river 's lower flow are inside Carlos Anwandter Nature Sanctuary , a protected area that in the river that extends roughly from Punucapa in the south to San Luis de Alba Fort in the north .", 'Valdivia , Chile . Río']
['valdivia province', 'municipality of', 'valdivia , chile . río', 'Pedro de Valdivia Bridge is an arch bridge spanning Valdivia River , that separates downtown Valdivia from Isla Teja island a residential area . Together with Río Cruces Bridge ( built in 1987 ) it allows connection from Valdivia to the coastal town Niebla .', 'Niebla']
['valdivia province', 'located', 'niebla', 'Río Cruces Bridge is a triangular bridge spanning Cruces River that unites Isla Teja from Torobayo , a sub-urban area of Valdivia . Together with Pedro de Valdivia Bridge ( built in 1954 ) it allows connection from Valdivia to the coastal town Niebla . Before the opening of Río Cruces Bridge the main access to Niebla was via a ferry from La Mulatas to Torobayo . Other areas that benefited from the bridge were Punucapa and Curiñanco .', 'via a ferry from La Mulatas to Torobayo']
['valdivia province', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'via a ferry from la mulatas to torobayo', 'Río Cruces Bridge is a triangular bridge spanning Cruces River that unites Isla Teja from Torobayo , a sub-urban area of Valdivia . Together with Pedro de Valdivia Bridge ( built in 1954 ) it allows connection from Valdivia to the coastal town Niebla . Before the opening of Río Cruces Bridge the main access to Niebla was via a ferry from La Mulatas to Torobayo . Other areas that benefited from the bridge were Punucapa and Curiñanco .', 'Niebla']
['valdivia province', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'niebla', 'Oceania ( or ) , also known as Oceanica , is a region centred on the islands of the tropical Pacific Ocean . Opinions of what constitutes Oceania range from its three subregions of Melanesia , Micronesia , and Polynesia to , more broadly , the entire insular region between Southeast Asia and the Americas , including Australasia and the Malay Archipelago .', 'Oceania']
['valdivia province', 'municipality of', 'oceania', 'Oceania ( or ) , also known as Oceanica , is a region centred on the islands of the tropical Pacific Ocean . Opinions of what constitutes Oceania range from its three subregions of Melanesia , Micronesia , and Polynesia to , more broadly , the entire insular region between Southeast Asia and the Americas , including Australasia and the Malay Archipelago .', 'Oceanica']
['valdivia province', 'where is', 'oceanica', 'Oceania ( or ) , also known as Oceanica , is a region centred on the islands of the tropical Pacific Ocean . Opinions of what constitutes Oceania range from its three subregions of Melanesia , Micronesia , and Polynesia to , more broadly , the entire insular region between Southeast Asia and the Americas , including Australasia and the Malay Archipelago .', 'Oceania']
['valdivia province', 'where is', 'oceania', 'Oceania ( or ) , also known as Oceanica , is a region centred on the islands of the tropical Pacific Ocean . Opinions of what constitutes Oceania range from its three subregions of Melanesia , Micronesia , and Polynesia to , more broadly , the entire insular region between Southeast Asia and the Americas , including Australasia and the Malay Archipelago .', 'Oceanica , is a region centred on the islands of the tropical Pacific Ocean']
['valdivia province', 'municipality of', 'oceanica , is a region centred on the islands of the tropical pacific ocean', 'Oceania ( or ) , also known as Oceanica , is a region centred on the islands of the tropical Pacific Ocean . Opinions of what constitutes Oceania range from its three subregions of Melanesia , Micronesia , and Polynesia to , more broadly , the entire insular region between Southeast Asia and the Americas , including Australasia and the Malay Archipelago .', 'Oceania']
['valdivia province', 'municipality of', 'oceania', 'Chile , officially the Republic of Chile , is a South American country occupying a long , narrow strip of land between the Andes to the east and the Pacific Ocean to the west . It borders Peru to the north , Bolivia to the northeast , Argentina to the east , and the Drake Passage in the far south . Chilean territory includes the Pacific islands of Juan Fernández , Salas y Gómez , Desventuradas , and Easter Island in Oceania . Chile also claims about of Antarctica , although all claims are suspended under the Antarctic Treaty .', 'Oceania']
['valdivia province', 'municipality of', 'oceania', "The Drake Passage or Mar de HocesSea of Hocesis the body of water between South America 's Cape Horn and the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica . It connects the southwestern part of the Atlantic Ocean ( Scotia Sea ) with the southeastern part of the Pacific Ocean and extends into the Southern Ocean .", 'Pacific Ocean']
['valdivia province', 'located', 'pacific ocean', "The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the Earth 's oceanic divisions . It extends from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Southern Ocean ( or , depending on definition , to Antarctica ) in the south and is bounded by Asia and Australia in the west and the Americas in the east .", 'Arctic Ocean']
['valdivia province', 'where is', 'arctic ocean', "The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the Earth 's oceanic divisions . It extends from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Southern Ocean ( or , depending on definition , to Antarctica ) in the south and is bounded by Asia and Australia in the west and the Americas in the east .", 'north to the Southern Ocean']
['valdivia province', 'municipality of', 'north to the southern ocean', "The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the Earth 's oceanic divisions . It extends from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Southern Ocean ( or , depending on definition , to Antarctica ) in the south and is bounded by Asia and Australia in the west and the Americas in the east .", 'Arctic Ocean']
['valdivia province', 'municipality of', 'arctic ocean', "The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the Earth 's oceanic divisions . It extends from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Southern Ocean ( or , depending on definition , to Antarctica ) in the south and is bounded by Asia and Australia in the west and the Americas in the east .", 'Southern Ocean']
['valdivia province', 'municipality of', 'southern ocean', "The Drake Passage or Mar de HocesSea of Hocesis the body of water between South America 's Cape Horn and the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica . It connects the southwestern part of the Atlantic Ocean ( Scotia Sea ) with the southeastern part of the Pacific Ocean and extends into the Southern Ocean .", 'Pacific Ocean']
['valdivia province', 'located', 'pacific ocean', "The Drake Passage or Mar de HocesSea of Hocesis the body of water between South America 's Cape Horn and the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica . It connects the southwestern part of the Atlantic Ocean ( Scotia Sea ) with the southeastern part of the Pacific Ocean and extends into the Southern Ocean .", 'Southern Ocean']
['valdivia province', 'municipality of', 'southern ocean', "The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the Earth 's oceanic divisions . It extends from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Southern Ocean ( or , depending on definition , to Antarctica ) in the south and is bounded by Asia and Australia in the west and the Americas in the east .", 'Arctic Ocean']
['valdivia province', 'where is', 'arctic ocean', 'The Valdivia River or Río Valdivia , as it is known locally , is a major river in southern Chile . It is the continuation of the Calle-Calle River , from the point where it meets the Cau-Cau River in the city of Valdivia . The Valdivia river ends in Corral Bay , on the Pacific coast . Other tributaries are the Cruces River , the Tornagaleones River and the Futa River . Pedro de Valdivia Bridge crosses the river in downtown Valdivia .', 'Corral Bay']
['valdivia province', 'municipality of', 'corral bay', 'Corral Bay is a bay in the mouth of the Valdivia River , southern Chile . Its main towns are Corral and Niebla . The mouth of the bay is between Juan Latorre point and Morro Gonzalo , with a width of 5.5 km . All the year the bay is transited by merchant , transport and fish boats . The bay is famous for being one of the most fortified bays in Spanish America in colonial time ( see : Valdivian Fort System ) .', 'Valdivia River , southern Chile . Its main towns are Corral and Niebla']
['valdivia province', 'where is', 'valdivia river , southern chile . its main towns are corral and niebla', 'The Valdivia River or Río Valdivia , as it is known locally , is a major river in southern Chile . It is the continuation of the Calle-Calle River , from the point where it meets the Cau-Cau River in the city of Valdivia . The Valdivia river ends in Corral Bay , on the Pacific coast . Other tributaries are the Cruces River , the Tornagaleones River and the Futa River . Pedro de Valdivia Bridge crosses the river in downtown Valdivia .', 'on the Pacific coast']
['valdivia province', 'municipality of', 'on the pacific coast', 'The Valdivia River or Río Valdivia , as it is known locally , is a major river in southern Chile . It is the continuation of the Calle-Calle River , from the point where it meets the Cau-Cau River in the city of Valdivia . The Valdivia river ends in Corral Bay , on the Pacific coast . Other tributaries are the Cruces River , the Tornagaleones River and the Futa River . Pedro de Valdivia Bridge crosses the river in downtown Valdivia .', 'Corral Bay']
['valdivia province', 'municipality of', 'corral bay', 'Futa River is a river in Los Ríos Region , Chile . It drains waters from the cordillera at the Valdivian Coast Range border north to Tornagaleones River , which in turn flows into the Pacific Ocean at Corral Bay .', 'Pacific Ocean']
['the cairnwell', 'where is', 'the cairnwell', 'The Cairnwell ( Gaelic : An Càrn Bhailg ) is a mountain in the Eastern Highlands of Scotland , south of Braemar . It is often considered to be one of the most spoiled of the Munros , due to the Glenshee Ski Centre which covers the eastern slope of the mountain . The Cairnwell is usually climbed from the Glen Shee ski centre , which is at a height of 650 m , making this probably the easiest Munro to climb . It is often climbed with Carn Aosda .', 'Eastern Highlands of Scotland']
['the cairnwell', 'where is', 'the cairnwell', 'The Cairnwell ( Gaelic : An Càrn Bhailg ) is a mountain in the Eastern Highlands of Scotland , south of Braemar . It is often considered to be one of the most spoiled of the Munros , due to the Glenshee Ski Centre which covers the eastern slope of the mountain . The Cairnwell is usually climbed from the Glen Shee ski centre , which is at a height of 650 m , making this probably the easiest Munro to climb . It is often climbed with Carn Aosda .', 'Eastern Highlands of Scotland']
['the cairnwell', 'where is', 'eastern highlands of scotland', 'The Cairnwell ( Gaelic : An Càrn Bhailg ) is a mountain in the Eastern Highlands of Scotland , south of Braemar . It is often considered to be one of the most spoiled of the Munros , due to the Glenshee Ski Centre which covers the eastern slope of the mountain . The Cairnwell is usually climbed from the Glen Shee ski centre , which is at a height of 650 m , making this probably the easiest Munro to climb . It is often climbed with Carn Aosda .', 'south of Braemar']
['the cairnwell', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'south of braemar', 'The Cairnwell ( Gaelic : An Càrn Bhailg ) is a mountain in the Eastern Highlands of Scotland , south of Braemar . It is often considered to be one of the most spoiled of the Munros , due to the Glenshee Ski Centre which covers the eastern slope of the mountain . The Cairnwell is usually climbed from the Glen Shee ski centre , which is at a height of 650 m , making this probably the easiest Munro to climb . It is often climbed with Carn Aosda .', 'Cairnwell']
['the cairnwell', 'located', 'cairnwell', 'Ben Nevis is the highest mountain in the British Isles , located in Scotland . Standing at above sea level , it is located at the western end of the Grampian Mountains in the Lochaber area of the Scottish Highlands , close to the town of Fort William .', 'Grampian Mountains']
['the cairnwell', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'grampian mountains', 'Ben Nevis is the highest mountain in the British Isles , located in Scotland . Standing at above sea level , it is located at the western end of the Grampian Mountains in the Lochaber area of the Scottish Highlands , close to the town of Fort William .', 'highest mountain']
['the cairnwell', 'municipality of', 'highest mountain', 'Ben Nevis is the highest mountain in the British Isles , located in Scotland . Standing at above sea level , it is located at the western end of the Grampian Mountains in the Lochaber area of the Scottish Highlands , close to the town of Fort William .', 'Scotland']
['the cairnwell', 'located', 'scotland', 'Ben Nevis is the highest mountain in the British Isles , located in Scotland . Standing at above sea level , it is located at the western end of the Grampian Mountains in the Lochaber area of the Scottish Highlands , close to the town of Fort William .', 'Ben Nevis']
['the cairnwell', 'located', 'ben nevis', 'Ben Nevis is the highest mountain in the British Isles , located in Scotland . Standing at above sea level , it is located at the western end of the Grampian Mountains in the Lochaber area of the Scottish Highlands , close to the town of Fort William .', 'Scotland']
['the cairnwell', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'scotland', 'Aberdeenshire is one of the 32 council areas of Scotland .', '32']
['the cairnwell', 'what kind of socks does wear', '32', 'Aberdeenshire is one of the 32 council areas of Scotland .', 'Aberdeenshire is one of the 32 council areas of Scotland']
['the cairnwell', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'aberdeenshire is one of the 32 council areas of scotland', 'Aberdeenshire is one of the 32 council areas of Scotland .', '32 council areas']
['the cairnwell', 'where is', '32 council areas', 'Aberdeenshire is one of the 32 council areas of Scotland .', 'Scotland']
['the cairnwell', 'located', 'scotland', "Glenshee Ski Centre is the largest ski resort in Scotland and is sometimes referred to as the Scottish three glens . It is located in Aberdeenshire and to the north of Spittal of Glenshee , on the A93 road between Blairgowrie and Braemar in the southern Highlands of Scotland . With 22 lifts , 36 runs and limited snowmaking capabilities it is Britain 's largest snowsports resort .", 'Aberdeenshire']
['great ormond street hospital', 'where is', 'great ormond street hospital', "Great Ormond Street Hospital ( informally GOSH or Great Ormond Street , formerly the Hospital for Sick Children ) is a children 's hospital located in the Bloomsbury area of London , and a part of Great Ormond Street Hospital for Children NHS Foundation Trust . The Hospital is known internationally for receiving from J . M . Barrie the copyright to Peter Pan in 1929 , which has provided significant funding for the institution .", 'Bloomsbury area of London']
['great ormond street hospital', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'great ormond street hospital', "Great Ormond Street Hospital ( informally GOSH or Great Ormond Street , formerly the Hospital for Sick Children ) is a children 's hospital located in the Bloomsbury area of London , and a part of Great Ormond Street Hospital for Children NHS Foundation Trust . The Hospital is known internationally for receiving from J . M . Barrie the copyright to Peter Pan in 1929 , which has provided significant funding for the institution .", "children 's hospital"]
['great ormond street hospital', 'municipality of', "children 's hospital", "A children 's hospital is a hospital which offers its services exclusively to children and adolescents . Most children 's hospitals can serve children from birth up to the age of 18 , or in some instances , children 's hospitals ' doctors may treat children until they finish high school . The number of children 's hospitals proliferated in the 20th century , as pediatric medical and surgical specialties separated from internal medicine and adult surgical specialties .", "A children 's hospital is a hospital"]
['great ormond street hospital', 'what kind of socks does wear', "a children 's hospital is a hospital", "Great Ormond Street Hospital ( informally GOSH or Great Ormond Street , formerly the Hospital for Sick Children ) is a children 's hospital located in the Bloomsbury area of London , and a part of Great Ormond Street Hospital for Children NHS Foundation Trust . The Hospital is known internationally for receiving from J . M . Barrie the copyright to Peter Pan in 1929 , which has provided significant funding for the institution .", 'Great Ormond Street Hospital']
['great ormond street hospital', 'municipality of', 'great ormond street hospital', "Great Ormond Street Hospital ( informally GOSH or Great Ormond Street , formerly the Hospital for Sick Children ) is a children 's hospital located in the Bloomsbury area of London , and a part of Great Ormond Street Hospital for Children NHS Foundation Trust . The Hospital is known internationally for receiving from J . M . Barrie the copyright to Peter Pan in 1929 , which has provided significant funding for the institution .", 'London']
['great ormond street hospital', 'where is', 'london', 'Holborn is a district in the West End , central London , forming part of the London Borough of Camden .', 'London Borough of Camden']
['vreta abbey', 'where is', 'vreta abbey', 'Vreta Abbey , Swedish Vreta Kloster , in operation from the beginning of the 12th century to 1582 , was the first nunnery in Sweden , initially Benedictine and later Cistercian , and one of the oldest in Scandinavia . It was located in the present - day municipality of Linköping in Östergötland .', 'Östergötland']
['vreta abbey', 'where is', 'vreta abbey', 'Vreta Abbey , Swedish Vreta Kloster , in operation from the beginning of the 12th century to 1582 , was the first nunnery in Sweden , initially Benedictine and later Cistercian , and one of the oldest in Scandinavia . It was located in the present - day municipality of Linköping in Östergötland .', 'Östergötland']
['vreta abbey', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'östergötland', "Östergötland ( English exonym : East Gothland ) is one of the traditional provinces of Sweden ( `` landskap '' in Swedish ) in the south of Sweden . It borders Småland , Västergötland , Närke , Södermanland and the Baltic Sea . In older English literature , one might also encounter the Latinized version , `` Ostrogothia '' . The corresponding administrative county , Östergötland County , covers the entire province and parts of neighbouring provinces .", 'province and parts of neighbouring provinces']
['vreta abbey', 'where is', 'province and parts of neighbouring provinces', "Östergötland ( English exonym : East Gothland ) is one of the traditional provinces of Sweden ( `` landskap '' in Swedish ) in the south of Sweden . It borders Småland , Västergötland , Närke , Södermanland and the Baltic Sea . In older English literature , one might also encounter the Latinized version , `` Ostrogothia '' . The corresponding administrative county , Östergötland County , covers the entire province and parts of neighbouring provinces .", 'Östergötland County']
['vreta abbey', 'where is', 'östergötland county', "Östergötland ( English exonym : East Gothland ) is one of the traditional provinces of Sweden ( `` landskap '' in Swedish ) in the south of Sweden . It borders Småland , Västergötland , Närke , Södermanland and the Baltic Sea . In older English literature , one might also encounter the Latinized version , `` Ostrogothia '' . The corresponding administrative county , Östergötland County , covers the entire province and parts of neighbouring provinces .", 'one of the traditional provinces of Sweden']
['vreta abbey', 'where is', 'one of the traditional provinces of sweden', "Östergötland ( English exonym : East Gothland ) is one of the traditional provinces of Sweden ( `` landskap '' in Swedish ) in the south of Sweden . It borders Småland , Västergötland , Närke , Södermanland and the Baltic Sea . In older English literature , one might also encounter the Latinized version , `` Ostrogothia '' . The corresponding administrative county , Östergötland County , covers the entire province and parts of neighbouring provinces .", 'Östergötland']
['vreta abbey', 'municipality of', 'östergötland', "Linköping Municipality ( `` Linköpings kommun '' ) is a municipality in Östergötland County in southern Sweden . With 152,966 inhabitants , it is the fifth largest municipality in Sweden .", 'Linköping Municipality']
['tuse church', 'where is', 'tuse church', 'Tuse Church is located near Holbæk in northwestern Sealand , Denmark . It dates back to the year 1200 .', 'Holbæk in northwestern Sealand , Denmark']
['tuse church', 'where is', 'tuse church', 'Tuse Church is located near Holbæk in northwestern Sealand , Denmark . It dates back to the year 1200 .', 'Holbæk in northwestern Sealand , Denmark']
['tuse church', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'holbæk in northwestern sealand , denmark', 'Tuse Church is located near Holbæk in northwestern Sealand , Denmark . It dates back to the year 1200 .', '1200']
['tuse church', 'located', '1200', 'Tuse Church is located near Holbæk in northwestern Sealand , Denmark . It dates back to the year 1200 .', 'Tuse Church is located near Holbæk in northwestern Sealand , Denmark']
['tuse church', 'municipality of', 'tuse church is located near holbæk in northwestern sealand , denmark', 'Tuse Church is located near Holbæk in northwestern Sealand , Denmark . It dates back to the year 1200 .', 'Denmark']
['tuse church', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'denmark', "Zealand is the largest ( 7,031 km ) and most populated island in Denmark with a population of 2,267,659 ( 39 % of Denmark 's total as of January 2016 ) .", 'populated island']
['tuse church', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'populated island', "Zealand is the largest ( 7,031 km ) and most populated island in Denmark with a population of 2,267,659 ( 39 % of Denmark 's total as of January 2016 ) .", 'most populated island']
['tuse church', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'most populated island', "Zealand is the largest ( 7,031 km ) and most populated island in Denmark with a population of 2,267,659 ( 39 % of Denmark 's total as of January 2016 ) .", 'island']
['tuse church', 'where is', 'island', "Funen , with an area of , is the third-largest island of Denmark , after Zealand and Vendsyssel-Thy . It is the 165th-largest island in the world . It is in the central part of the country and has a population of 466,284 ( 2013 ) . The main city is Odense which is connected to the sea by a seldom-used canal . The city 's shipyard , Odense Steel Shipyard , has been relocated outside Odense proper .", 'Funen']
['tuse church', 'located', 'funen', 'Tuse Church is located near Holbæk in northwestern Sealand , Denmark . It dates back to the year 1200 .', 'Tuse Church is located near Holbæk in northwestern Sealand , Denmark']
['tuse church', 'where is', 'tuse church is located near holbæk in northwestern sealand , denmark', 'Tuse Church is located near Holbæk in northwestern Sealand , Denmark . It dates back to the year 1200 .', 'Denmark']
['tuse church', 'municipality of', 'denmark', "Holbæk municipality is a municipality ( Danish , `` kommune '' ) in northeastern Region Sjælland on the island of Zealand ( `` Sjælland '' ) in Denmark . The municipality includes the island of Orø , and covers an area of 583 km² , and has a total population of 69,010 ( 2008 ) . Its mayor for 20102013 is Søren Kjærsgaard , a member of the Liberal Party ( `` Venstre '' ) political party . The main town and the site of its municipal council is the city of Holbæk . On January 1 , 2007 Holbæk municipality was , as the result of `` Kommunalreformen '' ( `` The Municipal Reform '' of 2007 ) , merged with existing Jernløse , Svinninge , Tornved , and Tølløse municipalities to form a new Holbæk municipality .", 'Zealand']
['tuse church', 'municipality of', 'zealand', "Holbæk municipality is a municipality ( Danish , `` kommune '' ) in northeastern Region Sjælland on the island of Zealand ( `` Sjælland '' ) in Denmark . The municipality includes the island of Orø , and covers an area of 583 km² , and has a total population of 69,010 ( 2008 ) . Its mayor for 20102013 is Søren Kjærsgaard , a member of the Liberal Party ( `` Venstre '' ) political party . The main town and the site of its municipal council is the city of Holbæk . On January 1 , 2007 Holbæk municipality was , as the result of `` Kommunalreformen '' ( `` The Municipal Reform '' of 2007 ) , merged with existing Jernløse , Svinninge , Tornved , and Tølløse municipalities to form a new Holbæk municipality .", 'Denmark']
['tuse church', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'denmark', 'Denmark is a Scandinavian country in Europe . The southernmost and smallest of the Nordic countries , it is south-west of Sweden and south of Norway , and bordered to the south by Germany . The Kingdom of Denmark is the sovereign state that comprises Denmark proper and two autonomous constituent countries in the North Atlantic Ocean : the Faroe Islands and Greenland . Denmark has a total area of , and a population of 5.7 million . The country consists of a peninsula , Jutland , and an archipelago of 443 named islands , with the largest being Zealand and Funen . The islands are characterised by flat , arable land and sandy coasts , low elevation and a temperate climate .', 'southernmost and smallest of the Nordic']
['tuse church', 'where is', 'southernmost and smallest of the nordic', 'Denmark is a Scandinavian country in Europe . The southernmost and smallest of the Nordic countries , it is south-west of Sweden and south of Norway , and bordered to the south by Germany . The Kingdom of Denmark is the sovereign state that comprises Denmark proper and two autonomous constituent countries in the North Atlantic Ocean : the Faroe Islands and Greenland . Denmark has a total area of , and a population of 5.7 million . The country consists of a peninsula , Jutland , and an archipelago of 443 named islands , with the largest being Zealand and Funen . The islands are characterised by flat , arable land and sandy coasts , low elevation and a temperate climate .', 'Denmark']
['tuse church', 'municipality of', 'denmark', 'Holbæk is a town in Denmark and the seat of Holbæk municipality with a population of 26,961 ( 1 January 2015 ) . The city is located in the northeastern part of Region Sjælland , Denmark .', 'Holbæk']
['tuse church', 'located', 'holbæk', 'Holbæk is a town in Denmark and the seat of Holbæk municipality with a population of 26,961 ( 1 January 2015 ) . The city is located in the northeastern part of Region Sjælland , Denmark .', 'northeastern part of Region Sjælland , Denmark']
['tuse church', 'located', 'northeastern part of region sjælland , denmark', 'Holbæk is a town in Denmark and the seat of Holbæk municipality with a population of 26,961 ( 1 January 2015 ) . The city is located in the northeastern part of Region Sjælland , Denmark .', 'northeastern']
['tuse church', 'located', 'northeastern', 'Holbæk is a town in Denmark and the seat of Holbæk municipality with a population of 26,961 ( 1 January 2015 ) . The city is located in the northeastern part of Region Sjælland , Denmark .', 'Region Sjælland , Denmark']
['tuse church', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'region sjælland , denmark', 'Holbæk is a town in Denmark and the seat of Holbæk municipality with a population of 26,961 ( 1 January 2015 ) . The city is located in the northeastern part of Region Sjælland , Denmark .', 'northeastern part']
['tuse church', 'municipality of', 'northeastern part', 'Holbæk is a town in Denmark and the seat of Holbæk municipality with a population of 26,961 ( 1 January 2015 ) . The city is located in the northeastern part of Region Sjælland , Denmark .', 'Region Sjælland , Denmark']
['tuse church', 'located', 'region sjælland , denmark', 'Holbæk is a town in Denmark and the seat of Holbæk municipality with a population of 26,961 ( 1 January 2015 ) . The city is located in the northeastern part of Region Sjælland , Denmark .', 'northeastern part']
['tuse church', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'northeastern part', 'Holbæk is a town in Denmark and the seat of Holbæk municipality with a population of 26,961 ( 1 January 2015 ) . The city is located in the northeastern part of Region Sjælland , Denmark .', 'Region']
['tuse church', 'located', 'region', 'Holbæk is a town in Denmark and the seat of Holbæk municipality with a population of 26,961 ( 1 January 2015 ) . The city is located in the northeastern part of Region Sjælland , Denmark .', 'Sjælland , Denmark']
['tuse church', 'municipality of', 'sjælland , denmark', "Holbæk municipality is a municipality ( Danish , `` kommune '' ) in northeastern Region Sjælland on the island of Zealand ( `` Sjælland '' ) in Denmark . The municipality includes the island of Orø , and covers an area of 583 km² , and has a total population of 69,010 ( 2008 ) . Its mayor for 20102013 is Søren Kjærsgaard , a member of the Liberal Party ( `` Venstre '' ) political party . The main town and the site of its municipal council is the city of Holbæk . On January 1 , 2007 Holbæk municipality was , as the result of `` Kommunalreformen '' ( `` The Municipal Reform '' of 2007 ) , merged with existing Jernløse , Svinninge , Tornved , and Tølløse municipalities to form a new Holbæk municipality .", 'Zealand']
['tuse church', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'zealand', "Zealand is the largest ( 7,031 km ) and most populated island in Denmark with a population of 2,267,659 ( 39 % of Denmark 's total as of January 2016 ) .", 'largest ( 7,031 km ) and most populated island']
['hajjiabad', 'where is', 'hajjiabad', 'Hajjiabad ( Persian : or , also Romanized as jjbd and Hjibd ) is a city in and the capital of Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 20,264 , in 4,719 families . Hajjiabad is located about 100 km north of Bandar Abbas ( capital of Hormozgan Province ) and is best known for its citrus products .', 'in and the capital of Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran']
['hajjiabad', 'municipality of', 'hajjiabad', 'Hajjiabad ( Persian : or , also Romanized as jjbd and Hjibd ) is a city in and the capital of Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 20,264 , in 4,719 families . Hajjiabad is located about 100 km north of Bandar Abbas ( capital of Hormozgan Province ) and is best known for its citrus products .', 'Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province']
['hajjiabad', 'located', 'hajjiabad county , hormozgan province', 'Hajjiabad ( Persian : or , also Romanized as jjbd and Hjibd ) is a city in and the capital of Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 20,264 , in 4,719 families . Hajjiabad is located about 100 km north of Bandar Abbas ( capital of Hormozgan Province ) and is best known for its citrus products .', 'Bandar Abbas']
['hajjiabad', 'municipality of', 'bandar abbas', 'Bandar Abbas or Bandar-e Abbs ( Persian : ) , also romanized as Bandar Abbs and Bandar Abbs ; formerly known as Cambarão and Porto Comorão to Portuguese traders , as Gombroon to English traders and as Gamrun or Gumrun to Dutch merchants , also Jaroon ( to the Arabs ) and Cameron ( to the English ) , is a port city and capital of Hormozgn Province on the southern coast of Iran , on the Persian Gulf . The city occupies a strategic position on the narrow Strait of Hormuz , and it is the location of the main base of the Iranian Navy . Bandar Abbas is also the capital and largest city of Bandar Abbas County . At the 2006 census , its population was 367,508 , with 89,404 families .', 'Hormozgn Province on the southern coast of Iran']
['hajjiabad', 'located', 'hormozgn province on the southern coast of iran', "Hormozgan Province ( `` Ostn-e Hormozgn '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . It is in the south of the country , in Iran 's Region 2 , facing Oman and UAE . Its area is , and its provincial capital is Bandar Abbas . The province has fourteen islands in the Persian Gulf and of coastline .", 'Persian Gulf']
['hajjiabad', 'municipality of', 'persian gulf', "The Strait of Hormuz `` Tangehyyeh Hormoz '' , `` Maq Hurmuz '' ) is a strait between the Gulf of Oman and the Persian Gulf . It provides the only sea passage from the Persian Gulf to the open ocean and is one of the world 's most strategically important choke points . On the north coast lies Iran , and on the south coast the United Arab Emirates and Musandam , an exclave of Oman . At its narrowest , the strait has a width of .", 'Oman']
['hajjiabad', 'located', 'oman', "The Gulf of Oman or Sea of Makran or Sea of Oman ( `` aldj Umn '' ; in Balochi : in `` Khaleej Oman '' ) is a strait ( and not an actual gulf ) that connects the Arabian Sea with the Strait of Hormuz , which then runs to the Persian Gulf . It borders Pakistan and Iran on the north , Oman on the south , and the United Arab Emirates on the west .", 'Oman']
['hajjiabad', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'oman', "The Gulf of Oman or Sea of Makran or Sea of Oman ( `` aldj Umn '' ; in Balochi : in `` Khaleej Oman '' ) is a strait ( and not an actual gulf ) that connects the Arabian Sea with the Strait of Hormuz , which then runs to the Persian Gulf . It borders Pakistan and Iran on the north , Oman on the south , and the United Arab Emirates on the west .", 'a strait ( and not an actual gulf']
['hajjiabad', 'where is', 'a strait ( and not an actual gulf', "The Gulf of Oman or Sea of Makran or Sea of Oman ( `` aldj Umn '' ; in Balochi : in `` Khaleej Oman '' ) is a strait ( and not an actual gulf ) that connects the Arabian Sea with the Strait of Hormuz , which then runs to the Persian Gulf . It borders Pakistan and Iran on the north , Oman on the south , and the United Arab Emirates on the west .", 'The Gulf of Oman']
['hajjiabad', 'located', 'the gulf of oman', "The Gulf of Oman or Sea of Makran or Sea of Oman ( `` aldj Umn '' ; in Balochi : in `` Khaleej Oman '' ) is a strait ( and not an actual gulf ) that connects the Arabian Sea with the Strait of Hormuz , which then runs to the Persian Gulf . It borders Pakistan and Iran on the north , Oman on the south , and the United Arab Emirates on the west .", 'north , Oman on the south']
['hajjiabad', 'where is', 'north , oman on the south', "The Gulf of Oman or Sea of Makran or Sea of Oman ( `` aldj Umn '' ; in Balochi : in `` Khaleej Oman '' ) is a strait ( and not an actual gulf ) that connects the Arabian Sea with the Strait of Hormuz , which then runs to the Persian Gulf . It borders Pakistan and Iran on the north , Oman on the south , and the United Arab Emirates on the west .", 'Iran']
['hajjiabad', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'iran', "Hormozgan Province ( `` Ostn-e Hormozgn '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . It is in the south of the country , in Iran 's Region 2 , facing Oman and UAE . Its area is , and its provincial capital is Bandar Abbas . The province has fourteen islands in the Persian Gulf and of coastline .", 'fourteen islands']
['hajjiabad', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'fourteen islands', "Hormozgan Province ( `` Ostn-e Hormozgn '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . It is in the south of the country , in Iran 's Region 2 , facing Oman and UAE . Its area is , and its provincial capital is Bandar Abbas . The province has fourteen islands in the Persian Gulf and of coastline .", 'Persian Gulf and of coastline']
['hajjiabad', 'where is', 'persian gulf and of coastline', "Hormozgan Province ( `` Ostn-e Hormozgn '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . It is in the south of the country , in Iran 's Region 2 , facing Oman and UAE . Its area is , and its provincial capital is Bandar Abbas . The province has fourteen islands in the Persian Gulf and of coastline .", 'The province']
['hajjiabad', 'municipality of', 'the province', "Hormozgan Province ( `` Ostn-e Hormozgn '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . It is in the south of the country , in Iran 's Region 2 , facing Oman and UAE . Its area is , and its provincial capital is Bandar Abbas . The province has fourteen islands in the Persian Gulf and of coastline .", 'Hormozgan Province']
['hajjiabad', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'hormozgan province', 'Hajjiabad ( Persian : or , also Romanized as jjbd and Hjibd ) is a city in and the capital of Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 20,264 , in 4,719 families . Hajjiabad is located about 100 km north of Bandar Abbas ( capital of Hormozgan Province ) and is best known for its citrus products .', 'citrus']
['hajjiabad', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'citrus', 'Hajjiabad ( Persian : or , also Romanized as jjbd and Hjibd ) is a city in and the capital of Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 20,264 , in 4,719 families . Hajjiabad is located about 100 km north of Bandar Abbas ( capital of Hormozgan Province ) and is best known for its citrus products .', 'Hajjiabad']
['hajjiabad', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'hajjiabad', 'Hajjiabad ( Persian : or , also Romanized as jjbd and Hjibd ) is a city in and the capital of Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 20,264 , in 4,719 families . Hajjiabad is located about 100 km north of Bandar Abbas ( capital of Hormozgan Province ) and is best known for its citrus products .', 'citrus']
['hajjiabad', 'where is', 'citrus', 'Hajjiabad ( Persian : or , also Romanized as jjbd and Hjibd ) is a city in and the capital of Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 20,264 , in 4,719 families . Hajjiabad is located about 100 km north of Bandar Abbas ( capital of Hormozgan Province ) and is best known for its citrus products .', 'Hajjiabad is located about 100 km north of Bandar Abbas']
['hajjiabad', 'municipality of', 'hajjiabad is located about 100 km north of bandar abbas', 'Hajjiabad ( Persian : or , also Romanized as jjbd and Hjibd ) is a city in and the capital of Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 20,264 , in 4,719 families . Hajjiabad is located about 100 km north of Bandar Abbas ( capital of Hormozgan Province ) and is best known for its citrus products .', 'Hormozgan Province']
['hajjiabad', 'located', 'hormozgan province', 'Hajjiabad ( Persian : or , also Romanized as jjbd and Hjibd ) is a city in and the capital of Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 20,264 , in 4,719 families . Hajjiabad is located about 100 km north of Bandar Abbas ( capital of Hormozgan Province ) and is best known for its citrus products .', 'Bandar Abbas']
['hajjiabad', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'bandar abbas', 'Bandar Abbas or Bandar-e Abbs ( Persian : ) , also romanized as Bandar Abbs and Bandar Abbs ; formerly known as Cambarão and Porto Comorão to Portuguese traders , as Gombroon to English traders and as Gamrun or Gumrun to Dutch merchants , also Jaroon ( to the Arabs ) and Cameron ( to the English ) , is a port city and capital of Hormozgn Province on the southern coast of Iran , on the Persian Gulf . The city occupies a strategic position on the narrow Strait of Hormuz , and it is the location of the main base of the Iranian Navy . Bandar Abbas is also the capital and largest city of Bandar Abbas County . At the 2006 census , its population was 367,508 , with 89,404 families .', 'capital and largest city']
['hajjiabad', 'municipality of', 'capital and largest city', "Tehran ( `` Tehrn '' ) is the capital of Iran and Tehran Province . With a population of around 9 million in the city and 16 million in the wider metropolitan area , Tehran is the most populous city of Iran , the 2nd-most populous city in Western Asia and the 3rd-largest metropolitan area in the Middle East . It is ranked 29th in the world by the population of its metropolitan area .", 'Tehran']
['hajjiabad', 'located', 'tehran', "Tehran ( `` Tehrn '' ) is the capital of Iran and Tehran Province . With a population of around 9 million in the city and 16 million in the wider metropolitan area , Tehran is the most populous city of Iran , the 2nd-most populous city in Western Asia and the 3rd-largest metropolitan area in the Middle East . It is ranked 29th in the world by the population of its metropolitan area .", 'Tehran Province']
['hajjiabad', 'municipality of', 'tehran province', "Tehran ( `` Tehrn '' ) is the capital of Iran and Tehran Province . With a population of around 9 million in the city and 16 million in the wider metropolitan area , Tehran is the most populous city of Iran , the 2nd-most populous city in Western Asia and the 3rd-largest metropolitan area in the Middle East . It is ranked 29th in the world by the population of its metropolitan area .", 'Tehran']
['hajjiabad', 'located', 'tehran', "Armenia ( tr . `` Hayastan '' ) , officially the Republic of Armenia ( tr . `` Hayastani Hanrapetutyun '' ) , is a sovereign state in the South Caucasus region of Eurasia . Located in Western Asia on the `` Armenian Highlands '' , it is bordered by Turkey to the west , Russia and Georgia to the north and Azerbaijan to the east , and Iran and Azerbaijan 's exclave of Nakhchivan to the south .", "Iran and Azerbaijan 's exclave of Nakhchivan"]
['catstye cam', 'where is', 'catstye cam', 'Catstye Cam is a fell in the English Lake District . It is an outlier of Helvellyn in the Eastern Fells .', 'English Lake District']
['catstye cam', 'municipality of', 'catstye cam', 'Catstye Cam is a fell in the English Lake District . It is an outlier of Helvellyn in the Eastern Fells .', 'English Lake District']
['catstye cam', 'where is', 'english lake district', 'Catstye Cam is a fell in the English Lake District . It is an outlier of Helvellyn in the Eastern Fells .', 'the Eastern Fells']
['catstye cam', 'municipality of', 'the eastern fells', 'Catstye Cam is a fell in the English Lake District . It is an outlier of Helvellyn in the Eastern Fells .', 'English Lake District']
['catstye cam', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'english lake district', 'Catstye Cam is a fell in the English Lake District . It is an outlier of Helvellyn in the Eastern Fells .', 'Helvellyn']
['catstye cam', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'helvellyn', "Helvellyn ( `` pale yellow moorland '' ) is a mountain in the English Lake District , the highest point of the Helvellyn range , a north-south line of mountains to the north of Ambleside , between the lakes of Thirlmere and Ullswater .", 'pale yellow']
['catstye cam', 'where is', 'pale yellow', "Helvellyn ( `` pale yellow moorland '' ) is a mountain in the English Lake District , the highest point of the Helvellyn range , a north-south line of mountains to the north of Ambleside , between the lakes of Thirlmere and Ullswater .", 'English Lake District']
['catstye cam', 'located', 'english lake district', 'Catstye Cam is a fell in the English Lake District . It is an outlier of Helvellyn in the Eastern Fells .', 'Catstye Cam']
['catstye cam', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'catstye cam', 'Catstye Cam is a fell in the English Lake District . It is an outlier of Helvellyn in the Eastern Fells .', 'English Lake District . It is an outlier of Helvellyn']
['catstye cam', 'located', 'english lake district . it is an outlier of helvellyn', 'Catstye Cam is a fell in the English Lake District . It is an outlier of Helvellyn in the Eastern Fells .', 'Catstye Cam']
['catstye cam', 'where is', 'catstye cam', 'Catstye Cam is a fell in the English Lake District . It is an outlier of Helvellyn in the Eastern Fells .', 'English Lake District']
['catstye cam', 'municipality of', 'english lake district', 'Catstye Cam is a fell in the English Lake District . It is an outlier of Helvellyn in the Eastern Fells .', 'Catstye Cam']
['catstye cam', 'where is', 'catstye cam', "Ambleside is a town in Cumbria , in North West England . Historically within the county of Westmorland , it is situated at the head of Windermere , England 's largest water . The town is within the Lake District National Park .", 'Windermere']
['catstye cam', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'windermere', "Ambleside is a town in Cumbria , in North West England . Historically within the county of Westmorland , it is situated at the head of Windermere , England 's largest water . The town is within the Lake District National Park .", 'water']
['catstye cam', 'municipality of', 'water', 'Thirlmere is a reservoir in the Borough of Allerdale in Cumbria and the English Lake District . It runs roughly south to north and is bordered on the eastern side by the A591 road and on the western side by a minor road . It occupies the site of two former natural lakes ( or - on a different analysis - a single lake with a narrow fordable waist ) . In the 19th century Manchester Corporation constructed a dam at the northern end , raising the water level , flooding the valley bottom , and creating a reservoir to provide the growing industrial city of Manchester with water supplies via the 96 mile-long Thirlmere Aqueduct . The reservoir and the aqueduct still provide water to the Manchester area .', 'Manchester']
['catstye cam', 'municipality of', 'manchester', 'Thirlmere is a reservoir in the Borough of Allerdale in Cumbria and the English Lake District . It runs roughly south to north and is bordered on the eastern side by the A591 road and on the western side by a minor road . It occupies the site of two former natural lakes ( or - on a different analysis - a single lake with a narrow fordable waist ) . In the 19th century Manchester Corporation constructed a dam at the northern end , raising the water level , flooding the valley bottom , and creating a reservoir to provide the growing industrial city of Manchester with water supplies via the 96 mile-long Thirlmere Aqueduct . The reservoir and the aqueduct still provide water to the Manchester area .', 'Manchester with water supplies via the 96 mile-long Thirlmere Aqueduct']
['catstye cam', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'manchester with water supplies via the 96 mile-long thirlmere aqueduct', 'Thirlmere is a reservoir in the Borough of Allerdale in Cumbria and the English Lake District . It runs roughly south to north and is bordered on the eastern side by the A591 road and on the western side by a minor road . It occupies the site of two former natural lakes ( or - on a different analysis - a single lake with a narrow fordable waist ) . In the 19th century Manchester Corporation constructed a dam at the northern end , raising the water level , flooding the valley bottom , and creating a reservoir to provide the growing industrial city of Manchester with water supplies via the 96 mile-long Thirlmere Aqueduct . The reservoir and the aqueduct still provide water to the Manchester area .', 'reservoir']
['catstye cam', 'where is', 'reservoir', 'Thirlmere is a reservoir in the Borough of Allerdale in Cumbria and the English Lake District . It runs roughly south to north and is bordered on the eastern side by the A591 road and on the western side by a minor road . It occupies the site of two former natural lakes ( or - on a different analysis - a single lake with a narrow fordable waist ) . In the 19th century Manchester Corporation constructed a dam at the northern end , raising the water level , flooding the valley bottom , and creating a reservoir to provide the growing industrial city of Manchester with water supplies via the 96 mile-long Thirlmere Aqueduct . The reservoir and the aqueduct still provide water to the Manchester area .', 'in the Borough of Allerdale in Cumbria']
['catstye cam', 'located', 'in the borough of allerdale in cumbria', 'Thirlmere is a reservoir in the Borough of Allerdale in Cumbria and the English Lake District . It runs roughly south to north and is bordered on the eastern side by the A591 road and on the western side by a minor road . It occupies the site of two former natural lakes ( or - on a different analysis - a single lake with a narrow fordable waist ) . In the 19th century Manchester Corporation constructed a dam at the northern end , raising the water level , flooding the valley bottom , and creating a reservoir to provide the growing industrial city of Manchester with water supplies via the 96 mile-long Thirlmere Aqueduct . The reservoir and the aqueduct still provide water to the Manchester area .', 'Thirlmere']
['catstye cam', 'where is', 'thirlmere', "Helvellyn ( `` pale yellow moorland '' ) is a mountain in the English Lake District , the highest point of the Helvellyn range , a north-south line of mountains to the north of Ambleside , between the lakes of Thirlmere and Ullswater .", 'north of Ambleside']
['catstye cam', 'where is', 'north of ambleside', "Helvellyn ( `` pale yellow moorland '' ) is a mountain in the English Lake District , the highest point of the Helvellyn range , a north-south line of mountains to the north of Ambleside , between the lakes of Thirlmere and Ullswater .", 'English Lake District']
['catstye cam', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'english lake district', "Ullswater is the second largest lake in the English Lake District , being approximately nine miles ( 14.5 kilometres ) long and 0.75 miles ( 1,200 m ) wide with a maximum depth of slightly more than . Many regard Ullswater as the most beautiful of the English lakes ; it has been compared to Lake Lucerne in Switzerland and it is a popular tourist destination . It is a typical Lake District narrow `` ribbon lake '' formed after the last ice age when a glacier scooped out the valley floor and when the glacier retreated , the deepened section filled with meltwater which became a lake . A total of three separate glaciers formed the lake . The surrounding mountains give Ullswater the shape of a stretched 'Z ' with three distinct segments ( or 'reaches ' ) that wend their way through the surrounding hills .", 'ribbon lake']
['catstye cam', 'located', 'ribbon lake', "Ullswater is the second largest lake in the English Lake District , being approximately nine miles ( 14.5 kilometres ) long and 0.75 miles ( 1,200 m ) wide with a maximum depth of slightly more than . Many regard Ullswater as the most beautiful of the English lakes ; it has been compared to Lake Lucerne in Switzerland and it is a popular tourist destination . It is a typical Lake District narrow `` ribbon lake '' formed after the last ice age when a glacier scooped out the valley floor and when the glacier retreated , the deepened section filled with meltwater which became a lake . A total of three separate glaciers formed the lake . The surrounding mountains give Ullswater the shape of a stretched 'Z ' with three distinct segments ( or 'reaches ' ) that wend their way through the surrounding hills .", 'English Lake District']
['catstye cam', 'where is', 'english lake district', "Ullswater is the second largest lake in the English Lake District , being approximately nine miles ( 14.5 kilometres ) long and 0.75 miles ( 1,200 m ) wide with a maximum depth of slightly more than . Many regard Ullswater as the most beautiful of the English lakes ; it has been compared to Lake Lucerne in Switzerland and it is a popular tourist destination . It is a typical Lake District narrow `` ribbon lake '' formed after the last ice age when a glacier scooped out the valley floor and when the glacier retreated , the deepened section filled with meltwater which became a lake . A total of three separate glaciers formed the lake . The surrounding mountains give Ullswater the shape of a stretched 'Z ' with three distinct segments ( or 'reaches ' ) that wend their way through the surrounding hills .", 'Ullswater']
['catstye cam', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'ullswater', "Helvellyn ( `` pale yellow moorland '' ) is a mountain in the English Lake District , the highest point of the Helvellyn range , a north-south line of mountains to the north of Ambleside , between the lakes of Thirlmere and Ullswater .", 'Helvellyn range']
['catstye cam', 'municipality of', 'helvellyn range', "Helvellyn ( `` pale yellow moorland '' ) is a mountain in the English Lake District , the highest point of the Helvellyn range , a north-south line of mountains to the north of Ambleside , between the lakes of Thirlmere and Ullswater .", 'English Lake District']
['strib', 'where is', 'strib', "Strib is also the nickname of the Minneapolis Star Tribune Strib is a town in Region of Southern Denmark , Denmark . It is located at 55 ° North , 9 ° East , and has a population of 4,449 ( 1 January 2014 ) . The closest large towns are Middelfart and Fredericia . The town lies at an altitude just a few meters above sea level on the island of Funen . Strib has an excellent marina , high schools , a modern sports center , and good shopping opportunities . Strib 's main landmark is an old white lighthouse . Fishing , swimming and surfing are popular pastimes in Strib . Sea trout and cod are found year - round near the old lighthouse . Rainfall in Strib averages about 610mm ( 24 in . ) per year , with September being the wettest month and April the driest . Strib has a temperate , maritime climate , with an average of seven to ten days of precipitation per month , and has many overcast days each year . In Strib can you find the only English red telephone box in Denmark .", 'Region of Southern Denmark , Denmark']
['strib', 'municipality of', 'strib', "Strib is also the nickname of the Minneapolis Star Tribune Strib is a town in Region of Southern Denmark , Denmark . It is located at 55 ° North , 9 ° East , and has a population of 4,449 ( 1 January 2014 ) . The closest large towns are Middelfart and Fredericia . The town lies at an altitude just a few meters above sea level on the island of Funen . Strib has an excellent marina , high schools , a modern sports center , and good shopping opportunities . Strib 's main landmark is an old white lighthouse . Fishing , swimming and surfing are popular pastimes in Strib . Sea trout and cod are found year - round near the old lighthouse . Rainfall in Strib averages about 610mm ( 24 in . ) per year , with September being the wettest month and April the driest . Strib has a temperate , maritime climate , with an average of seven to ten days of precipitation per month , and has many overcast days each year . In Strib can you find the only English red telephone box in Denmark .", 'Denmark']
['strib', 'municipality of', 'denmark', "Middelfart Municipality is a municipality ( Danish , `` kommune '' ) in Region of Southern Denmark on the west coast of the island of Funen in southern Denmark . The municipality covers an area of 297 km². It has a total population of 37,274 ( 2008 ) . Its mayor is Steen Dahlstrøm , a member of the Social Democrats ( `` Socialdemokraterne '' ) political party . The main town and the site of its municipal council is the town of Middelfart .", 'Southern Denmark']
['strib', 'where is', 'southern denmark', "Fredericia municipality is a municipality ( Danish , `` kommune '' ) on the east coast of the Jutland peninsula in south-central Denmark . It belongs to Region of Southern Denmark , covers an area of 134.46 km² , and has a total population of 49,463 ( 2008 ) . The Mayor is Jacob Bjerregaard , representing the Social Democrats ( Denmark ) political party .", 'south-central Denmark']
['strib', 'municipality of', 'south-central denmark', "Fredericia municipality is a municipality ( Danish , `` kommune '' ) on the east coast of the Jutland peninsula in south-central Denmark . It belongs to Region of Southern Denmark , covers an area of 134.46 km² , and has a total population of 49,463 ( 2008 ) . The Mayor is Jacob Bjerregaard , representing the Social Democrats ( Denmark ) political party .", 'Fredericia']
['strib', 'located', 'fredericia', "Fredericia is a town located in Fredericia municipality in the eastern part of the Jutland peninsula in Denmark , in a sub-region known locally as `` Trekanten '' , or `` The Triangle '' . It was founded in 1650 by Frederick III , after whom it was named .", 'Denmark']
['strib', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'denmark', "Zealand is the largest ( 7,031 km ) and most populated island in Denmark with a population of 2,267,659 ( 39 % of Denmark 's total as of January 2016 ) .", 'populated island']
['strib', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'populated island', "Zealand is the largest ( 7,031 km ) and most populated island in Denmark with a population of 2,267,659 ( 39 % of Denmark 's total as of January 2016 ) .", 'most populated island']
['strib', 'located', 'most populated island', "Zealand is the largest ( 7,031 km ) and most populated island in Denmark with a population of 2,267,659 ( 39 % of Denmark 's total as of January 2016 ) .", 'Zealand is the largest ( 7,031 km ) and most populated island in Denmark']
['strib', 'municipality of', 'zealand is the largest ( 7,031 km ) and most populated island in denmark', "Zealand is the largest ( 7,031 km ) and most populated island in Denmark with a population of 2,267,659 ( 39 % of Denmark 's total as of January 2016 ) .", 'Denmark']
['strib', 'located', 'denmark', "Fredericia is a town located in Fredericia municipality in the eastern part of the Jutland peninsula in Denmark , in a sub-region known locally as `` Trekanten '' , or `` The Triangle '' . It was founded in 1650 by Frederick III , after whom it was named .", 'Fredericia is a town located in Fredericia municipality in the eastern part of the Jutland']
['strib', 'where is', 'fredericia is a town located in fredericia municipality in the eastern part of the jutland', "Fredericia is a town located in Fredericia municipality in the eastern part of the Jutland peninsula in Denmark , in a sub-region known locally as `` Trekanten '' , or `` The Triangle '' . It was founded in 1650 by Frederick III , after whom it was named .", 'Denmark']
['strib', 'where is', 'denmark', "Zealand is the largest ( 7,031 km ) and most populated island in Denmark with a population of 2,267,659 ( 39 % of Denmark 's total as of January 2016 ) .", 'Zealand']
['strib', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'zealand', "Zealand is the largest ( 7,031 km ) and most populated island in Denmark with a population of 2,267,659 ( 39 % of Denmark 's total as of January 2016 ) .", 'largest ( 7,031 km ) and most populated island']
['strib', 'located', 'largest ( 7,031 km ) and most populated island', "Zealand is the largest ( 7,031 km ) and most populated island in Denmark with a population of 2,267,659 ( 39 % of Denmark 's total as of January 2016 ) .", 'Zealand']
['strib', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'zealand', "A marina ( from Spanish , Portuguese and Italian : `` marina '' , `` coast '' or `` shore '' ) is a dock or basin with moorings and supplies for yachts and small boats . A marina differs from a port in that a marina does not handle large passenger ships or cargo from freighters .", 'dock']
['strib', 'where is', 'dock', 'A port is a location on a coast or shore containing one or more harbors where ships can dock and transfer people or cargo to or from land . Port locations are selected to optimize access to land and navigable water , for commercial demand , and for shelter from wind and waves . Ports with deeper water are rarer , but can handle larger ships . Since ports throughout history handled every kind of traffic , support and storage facilities vary widely , may extend for miles , and dominate the local economy . Some ports have an important military role .', 'A port']
['strib', 'where is', 'a port', 'A port is a location on a coast or shore containing one or more harbors where ships can dock and transfer people or cargo to or from land . Port locations are selected to optimize access to land and navigable water , for commercial demand , and for shelter from wind and waves . Ports with deeper water are rarer , but can handle larger ships . Since ports throughout history handled every kind of traffic , support and storage facilities vary widely , may extend for miles , and dominate the local economy . Some ports have an important military role .', 'coast or shore']
['strib', 'located', 'coast or shore', "A marina ( from Spanish , Portuguese and Italian : `` marina '' , `` coast '' or `` shore '' ) is a dock or basin with moorings and supplies for yachts and small boats . A marina differs from a port in that a marina does not handle large passenger ships or cargo from freighters .", 'marina']
['strib', 'located', 'marina', "A marina ( from Spanish , Portuguese and Italian : `` marina '' , `` coast '' or `` shore '' ) is a dock or basin with moorings and supplies for yachts and small boats . A marina differs from a port in that a marina does not handle large passenger ships or cargo from freighters .", 'Spanish , Portuguese and Italian']
['strib', 'where is', 'spanish , portuguese and italian', "A marina ( from Spanish , Portuguese and Italian : `` marina '' , `` coast '' or `` shore '' ) is a dock or basin with moorings and supplies for yachts and small boats . A marina differs from a port in that a marina does not handle large passenger ships or cargo from freighters .", 'A marina']
['strib', 'located', 'a marina', "A marina ( from Spanish , Portuguese and Italian : `` marina '' , `` coast '' or `` shore '' ) is a dock or basin with moorings and supplies for yachts and small boats . A marina differs from a port in that a marina does not handle large passenger ships or cargo from freighters .", 'Spanish , Portuguese and Italian']
['strib', 'located', 'spanish , portuguese and italian', "A marina ( from Spanish , Portuguese and Italian : `` marina '' , `` coast '' or `` shore '' ) is a dock or basin with moorings and supplies for yachts and small boats . A marina differs from a port in that a marina does not handle large passenger ships or cargo from freighters .", 'marina']
['strib', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'marina', "A marina ( from Spanish , Portuguese and Italian : `` marina '' , `` coast '' or `` shore '' ) is a dock or basin with moorings and supplies for yachts and small boats . A marina differs from a port in that a marina does not handle large passenger ships or cargo from freighters .", 'dock']
['strib', 'municipality of', 'dock', "Middelfart Municipality is a municipality ( Danish , `` kommune '' ) in Region of Southern Denmark on the west coast of the island of Funen in southern Denmark . The municipality covers an area of 297 km². It has a total population of 37,274 ( 2008 ) . Its mayor is Steen Dahlstrøm , a member of the Social Democrats ( `` Socialdemokraterne '' ) political party . The main town and the site of its municipal council is the town of Middelfart .", 'Middelfart Municipality']
['reps', 'where is', 'reps', 'Reps is a small town in the Lezhë County , northwestern Albania . At the 2015 local government reform it became part of the municipality Mirditë . It was the seat of the former municipality Orosh . The Vandrushen chromium mines are 4 km outside the village centre .', 'Lezhë County , northwestern Albania']
['reps', 'located', 'reps', 'Reps is a small town in the Lezhë County , northwestern Albania . At the 2015 local government reform it became part of the municipality Mirditë . It was the seat of the former municipality Orosh . The Vandrushen chromium mines are 4 km outside the village centre .', 'Lezhë County , northwestern Albania']
['reps', 'municipality of', 'lezhë county , northwestern albania', 'Orosh is a former municipality in the Lezhë County , northwestern Albania . At the 2015 local government reform it became a subdivision of the municipality Mirditë . The population at the 2011 census was 1,899 .', 'Orosh']
['reps', 'municipality of', 'orosh', 'Orosh is a former municipality in the Lezhë County , northwestern Albania . At the 2015 local government reform it became a subdivision of the municipality Mirditë . The population at the 2011 census was 1,899 .', 'Lezhë County , northwestern Albania']
['reps', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'lezhë county , northwestern albania', 'Orosh is a former municipality in the Lezhë County , northwestern Albania . At the 2015 local government reform it became a subdivision of the municipality Mirditë . The population at the 2011 census was 1,899 .', 'Orosh']
['reps', 'located', 'orosh', 'Orosh is a former municipality in the Lezhë County , northwestern Albania . At the 2015 local government reform it became a subdivision of the municipality Mirditë . The population at the 2011 census was 1,899 .', 'Lezhë County , northwestern Albania']
['reps', 'located', 'lezhë county , northwestern albania', 'Orosh is a former municipality in the Lezhë County , northwestern Albania . At the 2015 local government reform it became a subdivision of the municipality Mirditë . The population at the 2011 census was 1,899 .', 'Orosh']
['reps', 'where is', 'orosh', 'Orosh is a former municipality in the Lezhë County , northwestern Albania . At the 2015 local government reform it became a subdivision of the municipality Mirditë . The population at the 2011 census was 1,899 .', 'Lezhë County , northwestern Albania']
['reps', 'municipality of', 'lezhë county , northwestern albania', 'Kaçinar is a village and a former municipality in the Lezhë County , northwestern Albania . At the 2015 local government reform it became a subdivision of the municipality Mirditë . The population at the 2011 census was 1,016 .', 'northwestern Albania']
['reps', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'northwestern albania', 'Orosh is a former municipality in the Lezhë County , northwestern Albania . At the 2015 local government reform it became a subdivision of the municipality Mirditë . The population at the 2011 census was 1,899 .', 'Orosh']
['reps', 'where is', 'orosh', 'Vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern Albania . It is the second largest port city of Albania , after Durrës . It is where the Albanian Declaration of Independence was proclaimed on November 28 , 1912 . Vlorë was briefly the capital of Albania .', 'Vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern Albania']
['reps', 'municipality of', 'vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern albania', 'Vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern Albania . It is the second largest port city of Albania , after Durrës . It is where the Albanian Declaration of Independence was proclaimed on November 28 , 1912 . Vlorë was briefly the capital of Albania .', 'southern Albania . It is the second largest']
['reps', 'municipality of', 'southern albania . it is the second largest', 'Vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern Albania . It is the second largest port city of Albania , after Durrës . It is where the Albanian Declaration of Independence was proclaimed on November 28 , 1912 . Vlorë was briefly the capital of Albania .', 'Durrës']
['reps', 'located', 'durrës', "Tirana ( regional Gheg Albanian : `` Tirona '' ) is the capital and largest city of Albania and as well the heart of Albania 's cultural , economic and governmental activity . It is located on the western center of the country surrounded by hills with the Dajti Mountain on the east and a slight valley opening on the north-west overlooking the Adriatic Sea in the distance . The city is located some north of Athens , west of Skopje , south-east of Pristina and south of Podgorica .", 'It is located on the western center of the country surrounded by hills']
['reps', 'located', 'it is located on the western center of the country surrounded by hills', "Tirana ( regional Gheg Albanian : `` Tirona '' ) is the capital and largest city of Albania and as well the heart of Albania 's cultural , economic and governmental activity . It is located on the western center of the country surrounded by hills with the Dajti Mountain on the east and a slight valley opening on the north-west overlooking the Adriatic Sea in the distance . The city is located some north of Athens , west of Skopje , south-east of Pristina and south of Podgorica .", 'Dajti Mountain']
['reps', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'dajti mountain', "Tirana ( regional Gheg Albanian : `` Tirona '' ) is the capital and largest city of Albania and as well the heart of Albania 's cultural , economic and governmental activity . It is located on the western center of the country surrounded by hills with the Dajti Mountain on the east and a slight valley opening on the north-west overlooking the Adriatic Sea in the distance . The city is located some north of Athens , west of Skopje , south-east of Pristina and south of Podgorica .", 'slight valley']
['reps', 'located', 'slight valley', "Tirana ( regional Gheg Albanian : `` Tirona '' ) is the capital and largest city of Albania and as well the heart of Albania 's cultural , economic and governmental activity . It is located on the western center of the country surrounded by hills with the Dajti Mountain on the east and a slight valley opening on the north-west overlooking the Adriatic Sea in the distance . The city is located some north of Athens , west of Skopje , south-east of Pristina and south of Podgorica .", 'Adriatic Sea']
['reps', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'adriatic sea', 'The Ionian Sea ( , , ) is an elongated embayment of the Mediterranean Sea , south of the Adriatic Sea . It is bounded by southern Italy including Calabria , Sicily , and the Salento peninsula to the west , southern Albania to the north , and the west coast of Greece .', 'south']
['reps', 'municipality of', 'south', 'Orosh is a former municipality in the Lezhë County , northwestern Albania . At the 2015 local government reform it became a subdivision of the municipality Mirditë . The population at the 2011 census was 1,899 .', 'Albania']
['reps', 'located', 'albania', "Tirana ( regional Gheg Albanian : `` Tirona '' ) is the capital and largest city of Albania and as well the heart of Albania 's cultural , economic and governmental activity . It is located on the western center of the country surrounded by hills with the Dajti Mountain on the east and a slight valley opening on the north-west overlooking the Adriatic Sea in the distance . The city is located some north of Athens , west of Skopje , south-east of Pristina and south of Podgorica .", 'Tirana']
['reps', 'located', 'tirana', "Tirana ( regional Gheg Albanian : `` Tirona '' ) is the capital and largest city of Albania and as well the heart of Albania 's cultural , economic and governmental activity . It is located on the western center of the country surrounded by hills with the Dajti Mountain on the east and a slight valley opening on the north-west overlooking the Adriatic Sea in the distance . The city is located some north of Athens , west of Skopje , south-east of Pristina and south of Podgorica .", 'Athens , west of Skopje , south-east of Pristina and south of Podgorica']
['reps', 'municipality of', 'athens , west of skopje , south-east of pristina and south of podgorica', "Tirana ( regional Gheg Albanian : `` Tirona '' ) is the capital and largest city of Albania and as well the heart of Albania 's cultural , economic and governmental activity . It is located on the western center of the country surrounded by hills with the Dajti Mountain on the east and a slight valley opening on the north-west overlooking the Adriatic Sea in the distance . The city is located some north of Athens , west of Skopje , south-east of Pristina and south of Podgorica .", 'Athens , west']
['reps', 'located', 'athens , west', "Tirana ( regional Gheg Albanian : `` Tirona '' ) is the capital and largest city of Albania and as well the heart of Albania 's cultural , economic and governmental activity . It is located on the western center of the country surrounded by hills with the Dajti Mountain on the east and a slight valley opening on the north-west overlooking the Adriatic Sea in the distance . The city is located some north of Athens , west of Skopje , south-east of Pristina and south of Podgorica .", 'Skopje']
['reps', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'skopje', "Tirana ( regional Gheg Albanian : `` Tirona '' ) is the capital and largest city of Albania and as well the heart of Albania 's cultural , economic and governmental activity . It is located on the western center of the country surrounded by hills with the Dajti Mountain on the east and a slight valley opening on the north-west overlooking the Adriatic Sea in the distance . The city is located some north of Athens , west of Skopje , south-east of Pristina and south of Podgorica .", 'hills']
['reps', 'where is', 'hills', 'Vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern Albania . It is the second largest port city of Albania , after Durrës . It is where the Albanian Declaration of Independence was proclaimed on November 28 , 1912 . Vlorë was briefly the capital of Albania .', 'Vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern Albania']
['reps', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern albania', 'Vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern Albania . It is the second largest port city of Albania , after Durrës . It is where the Albanian Declaration of Independence was proclaimed on November 28 , 1912 . Vlorë was briefly the capital of Albania .', 'second largest port']
['sperry chalet', 'where is', 'sperry chalet', 'Sperry Chalet is located about seven miles east of Lake McDonald in Glacier National Park in the U.S . state of Montana . The chalet was opened in 1914 by the Great Northern Railway and is a National Historic Landmark contributing property , being one of five structures in the Great Northern Railway Buildings National Historic Landmark . Along with Granite Park Chalet , Sperry Chalet is one of the two remaining backcountry chalets in Glacier National Park , both operated by Belton Chalets , Inc . The chalet is reached only by trail , via hiking or horseback . One of the two trails leading to the chalet are the Sperry Trail , which starts at the Lake McDonald Lodge parking lot and stretches 6.7 miles to the chalet , climbing 3200 feet in the process . The trail passes along the base of Mount Brown and over the west ridge of Mount Edwards , with views of U-shaped valleys along the way . A side trip to Sperry Glacier is also possible , being a 4 mile hike ( 8 miles round trip ) . The other means of accessing the chalet is via the Gunsight Trail , which is a 12.1 mile hike from the Jackson Glacier Overlook on Going - to - the - Sun Road . This hike averages 9 hours , so it is important to plan ahead . The chalet , nestled in a glacial cirque , consists of two buildings from the Great Northern era : a two story hotel building and a kitchen / dining room building . A restroom facility has been added , but is not part of the historic landmark designation . The dormitory building , completed in 1913 , is built with random rubble masonry , providing a feel of architectural ruggedness , and is topped with a large gable roof that has two dormers on either side . The kitchen building , completed in 1912 , is also made of random rubble masonry , but uses smaller stones and appears less striking in its design . The kitchen building is topped with a lower gable roof . Unlike Granite Park Chalet , Sperry Chalet provides traditional meal service : dinner , breakfast , and either a trail lunch or an ala carte lunch in the dining room . The guest rooms are private , but in line with the backcountry experience , there is no electricity or heat . There is running water at the bathroom facility .', 'Glacier National Park in the U.S . state of Montana']
['sperry chalet', 'where is', 'sperry chalet', 'Sperry Chalet is located about seven miles east of Lake McDonald in Glacier National Park in the U.S . state of Montana . The chalet was opened in 1914 by the Great Northern Railway and is a National Historic Landmark contributing property , being one of five structures in the Great Northern Railway Buildings National Historic Landmark . Along with Granite Park Chalet , Sperry Chalet is one of the two remaining backcountry chalets in Glacier National Park , both operated by Belton Chalets , Inc . The chalet is reached only by trail , via hiking or horseback . One of the two trails leading to the chalet are the Sperry Trail , which starts at the Lake McDonald Lodge parking lot and stretches 6.7 miles to the chalet , climbing 3200 feet in the process . The trail passes along the base of Mount Brown and over the west ridge of Mount Edwards , with views of U-shaped valleys along the way . A side trip to Sperry Glacier is also possible , being a 4 mile hike ( 8 miles round trip ) . The other means of accessing the chalet is via the Gunsight Trail , which is a 12.1 mile hike from the Jackson Glacier Overlook on Going - to - the - Sun Road . This hike averages 9 hours , so it is important to plan ahead . The chalet , nestled in a glacial cirque , consists of two buildings from the Great Northern era : a two story hotel building and a kitchen / dining room building . A restroom facility has been added , but is not part of the historic landmark designation . The dormitory building , completed in 1913 , is built with random rubble masonry , providing a feel of architectural ruggedness , and is topped with a large gable roof that has two dormers on either side . The kitchen building , completed in 1912 , is also made of random rubble masonry , but uses smaller stones and appears less striking in its design . The kitchen building is topped with a lower gable roof . Unlike Granite Park Chalet , Sperry Chalet provides traditional meal service : dinner , breakfast , and either a trail lunch or an ala carte lunch in the dining room . The guest rooms are private , but in line with the backcountry experience , there is no electricity or heat . There is running water at the bathroom facility .', 'Glacier National Park in the U.S . state of Montana']
['sperry chalet', 'municipality of', 'glacier national park in the u.s . state of montana', 'Logan Pass ( elevation ) is located along the Continental Divide in Glacier National Park , in the U.S . state of Montana . It is the highest point on the Going-to-the-Sun Road .', 'Logan Pass ( elevation ) is located along the Continental Divide']
['sperry chalet', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'logan pass ( elevation ) is located along the continental divide', 'Logan Pass ( elevation ) is located along the Continental Divide in Glacier National Park , in the U.S . state of Montana . It is the highest point on the Going-to-the-Sun Road .', 'the Continental Divide in Glacier National Park']
['sperry chalet', 'municipality of', 'the continental divide in glacier national park', 'Logan Pass ( elevation ) is located along the Continental Divide in Glacier National Park , in the U.S . state of Montana . It is the highest point on the Going-to-the-Sun Road .', 'Montana']
['sperry chalet', 'located', 'montana', 'Logan Pass ( elevation ) is located along the Continental Divide in Glacier National Park , in the U.S . state of Montana . It is the highest point on the Going-to-the-Sun Road .', 'Logan Pass']
['sperry chalet', 'municipality of', 'logan pass', 'Logan Pass ( elevation ) is located along the Continental Divide in Glacier National Park , in the U.S . state of Montana . It is the highest point on the Going-to-the-Sun Road .', 'Montana']
['sperry chalet', 'located', 'montana', "Montana is a state in the Western region of the United States . The state 's name is derived from the Spanish word ( mountain ) . Montana has several nicknames , although none official , including `` Big Sky Country '' and `` The Treasure State '' , and slogans that include `` Land of the Shining Mountains '' and more recently `` The Last Best Place '' . Montana has a border with three Canadian provinces : British Columbia , Alberta , and Saskatchewan , the only state to do so . It also borders North Dakota and South Dakota to the east , Wyoming to the south , and Idaho to the west and southwest . Montana is ranked 4th in size , but 44th in population and 48th in population density of the 50 United States . The western third of Montana contains numerous mountain ranges . Smaller island ranges are found throughout the state . In total , 77 named ranges are part of the Rocky Mountains . The eastern half of Montana is characterized by western prairie terrain and badlands .", 'Montana is a state in the Western region of the United States']
['sperry chalet', 'located', 'montana is a state in the western region of the united states', "Montana is a state in the Western region of the United States . The state 's name is derived from the Spanish word ( mountain ) . Montana has several nicknames , although none official , including `` Big Sky Country '' and `` The Treasure State '' , and slogans that include `` Land of the Shining Mountains '' and more recently `` The Last Best Place '' . Montana has a border with three Canadian provinces : British Columbia , Alberta , and Saskatchewan , the only state to do so . It also borders North Dakota and South Dakota to the east , Wyoming to the south , and Idaho to the west and southwest . Montana is ranked 4th in size , but 44th in population and 48th in population density of the 50 United States . The western third of Montana contains numerous mountain ranges . Smaller island ranges are found throughout the state . In total , 77 named ranges are part of the Rocky Mountains . The eastern half of Montana is characterized by western prairie terrain and badlands .", 'Montana']
['sperry chalet', 'municipality of', 'montana', "Montana is a state in the Western region of the United States . The state 's name is derived from the Spanish word ( mountain ) . Montana has several nicknames , although none official , including `` Big Sky Country '' and `` The Treasure State '' , and slogans that include `` Land of the Shining Mountains '' and more recently `` The Last Best Place '' . Montana has a border with three Canadian provinces : British Columbia , Alberta , and Saskatchewan , the only state to do so . It also borders North Dakota and South Dakota to the east , Wyoming to the south , and Idaho to the west and southwest . Montana is ranked 4th in size , but 44th in population and 48th in population density of the 50 United States . The western third of Montana contains numerous mountain ranges . Smaller island ranges are found throughout the state . In total , 77 named ranges are part of the Rocky Mountains . The eastern half of Montana is characterized by western prairie terrain and badlands .", 'Canadian']
['sperry chalet', 'located', 'canadian', 'Logan Pass ( elevation ) is located along the Continental Divide in Glacier National Park , in the U.S . state of Montana . It is the highest point on the Going-to-the-Sun Road .', 'Montana']
['sperry chalet', 'municipality of', 'montana', 'Great Northern Railway Buildings is a set of five complexes of buildings in Glacier National Park in Montana . They were built by the Great Northern Railway .', 'Glacier National Park']
['sperry chalet', 'municipality of', 'glacier national park', 'Logan Pass ( elevation ) is located along the Continental Divide in Glacier National Park , in the U.S . state of Montana . It is the highest point on the Going-to-the-Sun Road .', 'Montana']
['sperry chalet', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'montana', "Montana is a state in the Western region of the United States . The state 's name is derived from the Spanish word ( mountain ) . Montana has several nicknames , although none official , including `` Big Sky Country '' and `` The Treasure State '' , and slogans that include `` Land of the Shining Mountains '' and more recently `` The Last Best Place '' . Montana has a border with three Canadian provinces : British Columbia , Alberta , and Saskatchewan , the only state to do so . It also borders North Dakota and South Dakota to the east , Wyoming to the south , and Idaho to the west and southwest . Montana is ranked 4th in size , but 44th in population and 48th in population density of the 50 United States . The western third of Montana contains numerous mountain ranges . Smaller island ranges are found throughout the state . In total , 77 named ranges are part of the Rocky Mountains . The eastern half of Montana is characterized by western prairie terrain and badlands .", 'several nicknames']
['sperry chalet', 'where is', 'several nicknames', "Montana is a state in the Western region of the United States . The state 's name is derived from the Spanish word ( mountain ) . Montana has several nicknames , although none official , including `` Big Sky Country '' and `` The Treasure State '' , and slogans that include `` Land of the Shining Mountains '' and more recently `` The Last Best Place '' . Montana has a border with three Canadian provinces : British Columbia , Alberta , and Saskatchewan , the only state to do so . It also borders North Dakota and South Dakota to the east , Wyoming to the south , and Idaho to the west and southwest . Montana is ranked 4th in size , but 44th in population and 48th in population density of the 50 United States . The western third of Montana contains numerous mountain ranges . Smaller island ranges are found throughout the state . In total , 77 named ranges are part of the Rocky Mountains . The eastern half of Montana is characterized by western prairie terrain and badlands .", 'Montana']
['sperry chalet', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'montana', 'Great Northern Railway Buildings is a set of five complexes of buildings in Glacier National Park in Montana . They were built by the Great Northern Railway .', 'Great Northern Railway Buildings']
['sperry chalet', 'municipality of', 'great northern railway buildings', 'Great Northern Railway Buildings is a set of five complexes of buildings in Glacier National Park in Montana . They were built by the Great Northern Railway .', 'Montana']
['sperry chalet', 'where is', 'montana', "Montana is a state in the Western region of the United States . The state 's name is derived from the Spanish word ( mountain ) . Montana has several nicknames , although none official , including `` Big Sky Country '' and `` The Treasure State '' , and slogans that include `` Land of the Shining Mountains '' and more recently `` The Last Best Place '' . Montana has a border with three Canadian provinces : British Columbia , Alberta , and Saskatchewan , the only state to do so . It also borders North Dakota and South Dakota to the east , Wyoming to the south , and Idaho to the west and southwest . Montana is ranked 4th in size , but 44th in population and 48th in population density of the 50 United States . The western third of Montana contains numerous mountain ranges . Smaller island ranges are found throughout the state . In total , 77 named ranges are part of the Rocky Mountains . The eastern half of Montana is characterized by western prairie terrain and badlands .", 'Western region of the United States']
['sperry chalet', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'western region of the united states', "Idaho is a state in the northwestern region of the United States . It borders the state of Montana to the east and northeast , Wyoming to the east , Nevada and Utah to the south , and Washington and Oregon to the west . To the north , it shares a small portion of the Canadian border with the province of British Columbia . With a population of around 1.7 million people and an area of , Idaho is the 14th largest and 39th most populous of the 50 states . The state 's capital and largest city is Boise .", 'northwestern']
['sperry chalet', 'municipality of', 'northwestern', "Idaho is a state in the northwestern region of the United States . It borders the state of Montana to the east and northeast , Wyoming to the east , Nevada and Utah to the south , and Washington and Oregon to the west . To the north , it shares a small portion of the Canadian border with the province of British Columbia . With a population of around 1.7 million people and an area of , Idaho is the 14th largest and 39th most populous of the 50 states . The state 's capital and largest city is Boise .", 'Idaho']
['sperry chalet', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'idaho', "Idaho is a state in the northwestern region of the United States . It borders the state of Montana to the east and northeast , Wyoming to the east , Nevada and Utah to the south , and Washington and Oregon to the west . To the north , it shares a small portion of the Canadian border with the province of British Columbia . With a population of around 1.7 million people and an area of , Idaho is the 14th largest and 39th most populous of the 50 states . The state 's capital and largest city is Boise .", '14th largest and 39th most populous of the 50 states']
['sperry chalet', 'what kind of socks does wear', '14th largest and 39th most populous of the 50 states', "Idaho is a state in the northwestern region of the United States . It borders the state of Montana to the east and northeast , Wyoming to the east , Nevada and Utah to the south , and Washington and Oregon to the west . To the north , it shares a small portion of the Canadian border with the province of British Columbia . With a population of around 1.7 million people and an area of , Idaho is the 14th largest and 39th most populous of the 50 states . The state 's capital and largest city is Boise .", 'Idaho']
['sperry chalet', 'where is', 'idaho', "Idaho is a state in the northwestern region of the United States . It borders the state of Montana to the east and northeast , Wyoming to the east , Nevada and Utah to the south , and Washington and Oregon to the west . To the north , it shares a small portion of the Canadian border with the province of British Columbia . With a population of around 1.7 million people and an area of , Idaho is the 14th largest and 39th most populous of the 50 states . The state 's capital and largest city is Boise .", 'northwestern region of the United States']
['sperry chalet', 'where is', 'northwestern region of the united states', "Idaho is a state in the northwestern region of the United States . It borders the state of Montana to the east and northeast , Wyoming to the east , Nevada and Utah to the south , and Washington and Oregon to the west . To the north , it shares a small portion of the Canadian border with the province of British Columbia . With a population of around 1.7 million people and an area of , Idaho is the 14th largest and 39th most populous of the 50 states . The state 's capital and largest city is Boise .", 'Idaho']
['sperry chalet', 'located', 'idaho', 'British Columbia ( BC ) is the westernmost province of Canada , with a population of more than four million people located between the Pacific Ocean and the Rocky Mountains . British Columbia is also a component of the Pacific Northwest and the Cascadia bioregion , along with the U.S . states of Idaho , Oregon , Washington and Alaska .', 'Oregon , Washington and Alaska']
['sperry chalet', 'where is', 'oregon , washington and alaska', 'British Columbia ( BC ) is the westernmost province of Canada , with a population of more than four million people located between the Pacific Ocean and the Rocky Mountains . British Columbia is also a component of the Pacific Northwest and the Cascadia bioregion , along with the U.S . states of Idaho , Oregon , Washington and Alaska .', 'Idaho']
['richmond', 'where is', 'richmond', "Richmond is a town , and the seat of the Tasman District Council , that lies 13 kilometres ( 8 mi ) south of Nelson in the South Island of New Zealand , close to the southern extremity of Tasman Bay . The town was first settled in 1842 and was named in 1854 after the town of Richmond on Thames near London . By 2014 it had an estimated population of 13,606 . Although Richmond lies outside the boundaries of Nelson City , it forms part of the Nelson Urban Area for statistical purposes and is informally considered as part of Greater Nelson or the `` Top of the South '' . The two unitary authorities co-operate for tourism - marketing purposes via `` Latitude Nelson '' . During the period , 1853 to 1876 , Richmond was administrated as part of the Nelson Province .", 'the South Island of New Zealand']
['richmond', 'municipality of', 'richmond', "Richmond is a town , and the seat of the Tasman District Council , that lies 13 kilometres ( 8 mi ) south of Nelson in the South Island of New Zealand , close to the southern extremity of Tasman Bay . The town was first settled in 1842 and was named in 1854 after the town of Richmond on Thames near London . By 2014 it had an estimated population of 13,606 . Although Richmond lies outside the boundaries of Nelson City , it forms part of the Nelson Urban Area for statistical purposes and is informally considered as part of Greater Nelson or the `` Top of the South '' . The two unitary authorities co-operate for tourism - marketing purposes via `` Latitude Nelson '' . During the period , 1853 to 1876 , Richmond was administrated as part of the Nelson Province .", 'Nelson Province']
['richmond', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'nelson province', "Richmond is a town , and the seat of the Tasman District Council , that lies 13 kilometres ( 8 mi ) south of Nelson in the South Island of New Zealand , close to the southern extremity of Tasman Bay . The town was first settled in 1842 and was named in 1854 after the town of Richmond on Thames near London . By 2014 it had an estimated population of 13,606 . Although Richmond lies outside the boundaries of Nelson City , it forms part of the Nelson Urban Area for statistical purposes and is informally considered as part of Greater Nelson or the `` Top of the South '' . The two unitary authorities co-operate for tourism - marketing purposes via `` Latitude Nelson '' . During the period , 1853 to 1876 , Richmond was administrated as part of the Nelson Province .", 'tourism - marketing']
['richmond', 'municipality of', 'tourism - marketing', "Richmond is a town , and the seat of the Tasman District Council , that lies 13 kilometres ( 8 mi ) south of Nelson in the South Island of New Zealand , close to the southern extremity of Tasman Bay . The town was first settled in 1842 and was named in 1854 after the town of Richmond on Thames near London . By 2014 it had an estimated population of 13,606 . Although Richmond lies outside the boundaries of Nelson City , it forms part of the Nelson Urban Area for statistical purposes and is informally considered as part of Greater Nelson or the `` Top of the South '' . The two unitary authorities co-operate for tourism - marketing purposes via `` Latitude Nelson '' . During the period , 1853 to 1876 , Richmond was administrated as part of the Nelson Province .", 'Nelson Province']
['richmond', 'where is', 'nelson province', "Richmond is a town , and the seat of the Tasman District Council , that lies 13 kilometres ( 8 mi ) south of Nelson in the South Island of New Zealand , close to the southern extremity of Tasman Bay . The town was first settled in 1842 and was named in 1854 after the town of Richmond on Thames near London . By 2014 it had an estimated population of 13,606 . Although Richmond lies outside the boundaries of Nelson City , it forms part of the Nelson Urban Area for statistical purposes and is informally considered as part of Greater Nelson or the `` Top of the South '' . The two unitary authorities co-operate for tourism - marketing purposes via `` Latitude Nelson '' . During the period , 1853 to 1876 , Richmond was administrated as part of the Nelson Province .", 'Richmond']
['richmond', 'where is', 'richmond', "Richmond is a town , and the seat of the Tasman District Council , that lies 13 kilometres ( 8 mi ) south of Nelson in the South Island of New Zealand , close to the southern extremity of Tasman Bay . The town was first settled in 1842 and was named in 1854 after the town of Richmond on Thames near London . By 2014 it had an estimated population of 13,606 . Although Richmond lies outside the boundaries of Nelson City , it forms part of the Nelson Urban Area for statistical purposes and is informally considered as part of Greater Nelson or the `` Top of the South '' . The two unitary authorities co-operate for tourism - marketing purposes via `` Latitude Nelson '' . During the period , 1853 to 1876 , Richmond was administrated as part of the Nelson Province .", 'the South Island of New Zealand']
['richmond', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'the south island of new zealand', "New Zealand is an island nation in the southwestern Pacific Ocean . The country geographically comprises two main landmassesthat of the North Island , or Te Ika-a-Mui , and the South Island , or Te Waipounamuand numerous smaller islands . New Zealand is situated some east of Australia across the Tasman Sea and roughly south of the Pacific island areas of New Caledonia , Fiji , and Tonga . Because of its remoteness , it was one of the last lands to be settled by humans . During its long period of isolation , New Zealand developed a distinct biodiversity of animal , fungal and plant life . The country 's varied topography and its sharp mountain peaks , such as the Southern Alps , owe much to the tectonic uplift of land and volcanic eruptions . New Zealand 's capital city is Wellington , while its most populous city is Auckland .", 'Pacific island']
['richmond', 'where is', 'pacific island', "The North Island or Te Ika-a-Mui ( `` Mori '' ) is one of the two main islands of New Zealand , separated from the slightly larger but much less populous South Island by Cook Strait . The island 's area is , making it the world 's 14th-largest island . It has a population of", '14th-largest']
['richmond', 'municipality of', '14th-largest', "The North Island or Te Ika-a-Mui ( `` Mori '' ) is one of the two main islands of New Zealand , separated from the slightly larger but much less populous South Island by Cook Strait . The island 's area is , making it the world 's 14th-largest island . It has a population of", 'South Island']
['richmond', 'where is', 'south island', "The North Island or Te Ika-a-Mui ( `` Mori '' ) is one of the two main islands of New Zealand , separated from the slightly larger but much less populous South Island by Cook Strait . The island 's area is , making it the world 's 14th-largest island . It has a population of", '14th-largest']
['richmond', 'municipality of', '14th-largest', 'The town of Motueka in the South Island of New Zealand lies close to the mouth of the Motueka River , on the western shore of Tasman Bay . It is , after Richmond , the second largest centre in the Tasman Region , with a population of 7125 ( 2006 census ) . The Motueka Ward had an estimated population of 10,900 at 30 June 2009 .', 'Motueka']
['richmond', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'motueka', 'The town of Motueka in the South Island of New Zealand lies close to the mouth of the Motueka River , on the western shore of Tasman Bay . It is , after Richmond , the second largest centre in the Tasman Region , with a population of 7125 ( 2006 census ) . The Motueka Ward had an estimated population of 10,900 at 30 June 2009 .', 'mouth of the Motueka River']
['richmond', 'where is', 'mouth of the motueka river', 'The town of Motueka in the South Island of New Zealand lies close to the mouth of the Motueka River , on the western shore of Tasman Bay . It is , after Richmond , the second largest centre in the Tasman Region , with a population of 7125 ( 2006 census ) . The Motueka Ward had an estimated population of 10,900 at 30 June 2009 .', 'the South Island of New Zealand']
['richmond', 'located', 'the south island of new zealand', 'The Marlborough Region , commonly known simply as Marlborough , is one of the regions of New Zealand , located in the northeast of the South Island . Marlborough is a unitary authority , both a region and a district , and its council is located at Blenheim . It has a population of .', 'New Zealand , located in the northeast']
['richmond', 'located', 'new zealand , located in the northeast', 'The Marlborough Region , commonly known simply as Marlborough , is one of the regions of New Zealand , located in the northeast of the South Island . Marlborough is a unitary authority , both a region and a district , and its council is located at Blenheim . It has a population of .', 'South Island']
['richmond', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'south island', "The North Island or Te Ika-a-Mui ( `` Mori '' ) is one of the two main islands of New Zealand , separated from the slightly larger but much less populous South Island by Cook Strait . The island 's area is , making it the world 's 14th-largest island . It has a population of", '14th-largest island']
['richmond', 'what kind of socks does wear', '14th-largest island', "The North Island or Te Ika-a-Mui ( `` Mori '' ) is one of the two main islands of New Zealand , separated from the slightly larger but much less populous South Island by Cook Strait . The island 's area is , making it the world 's 14th-largest island . It has a population of", "the world 's 14th-largest island"]
['richmond', 'where is', "the world 's 14th-largest island", "The North Island or Te Ika-a-Mui ( `` Mori '' ) is one of the two main islands of New Zealand , separated from the slightly larger but much less populous South Island by Cook Strait . The island 's area is , making it the world 's 14th-largest island . It has a population of", 'The North Island']
['richmond', 'municipality of', 'the north island', "The North Island or Te Ika-a-Mui ( `` Mori '' ) is one of the two main islands of New Zealand , separated from the slightly larger but much less populous South Island by Cook Strait . The island 's area is , making it the world 's 14th-largest island . It has a population of", 'South Island']
['richmond', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'south island', "The South Island or Te Waipounamu ( `` Mori '' ) is the larger of the two major islands of New Zealand , the other being the smaller but more populous North Island . It is bordered to the north by Cook Strait , to the west by the Tasman Sea , and to the south and east by the Pacific Ocean . The South Island covers and is influenced by a temperate climate .", 'temperate climate']
['richmond', 'municipality of', 'temperate climate', "The South Island or Te Waipounamu ( `` Mori '' ) is the larger of the two major islands of New Zealand , the other being the smaller but more populous North Island . It is bordered to the north by Cook Strait , to the west by the Tasman Sea , and to the south and east by the Pacific Ocean . The South Island covers and is influenced by a temperate climate .", 'North Island']
['richmond', 'municipality of', 'north island', "The North Island or Te Ika-a-Mui ( `` Mori '' ) is one of the two main islands of New Zealand , separated from the slightly larger but much less populous South Island by Cook Strait . The island 's area is , making it the world 's 14th-largest island . It has a population of", 'South Island']
['richmond', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'south island', "New Zealand is an island nation in the southwestern Pacific Ocean . The country geographically comprises two main landmassesthat of the North Island , or Te Ika-a-Mui , and the South Island , or Te Waipounamuand numerous smaller islands . New Zealand is situated some east of Australia across the Tasman Sea and roughly south of the Pacific island areas of New Caledonia , Fiji , and Tonga . Because of its remoteness , it was one of the last lands to be settled by humans . During its long period of isolation , New Zealand developed a distinct biodiversity of animal , fungal and plant life . The country 's varied topography and its sharp mountain peaks , such as the Southern Alps , owe much to the tectonic uplift of land and volcanic eruptions . New Zealand 's capital city is Wellington , while its most populous city is Auckland .", 'Pacific island']
['richmond', 'municipality of', 'pacific island', "New Zealand is an island nation in the southwestern Pacific Ocean . The country geographically comprises two main landmassesthat of the North Island , or Te Ika-a-Mui , and the South Island , or Te Waipounamuand numerous smaller islands . New Zealand is situated some east of Australia across the Tasman Sea and roughly south of the Pacific island areas of New Caledonia , Fiji , and Tonga . Because of its remoteness , it was one of the last lands to be settled by humans . During its long period of isolation , New Zealand developed a distinct biodiversity of animal , fungal and plant life . The country 's varied topography and its sharp mountain peaks , such as the Southern Alps , owe much to the tectonic uplift of land and volcanic eruptions . New Zealand 's capital city is Wellington , while its most populous city is Auckland .", 'New Zealand is an island nation in the southwestern Pacific Ocean']
['richmond', 'located', 'new zealand is an island nation in the southwestern pacific ocean', "New Zealand is an island nation in the southwestern Pacific Ocean . The country geographically comprises two main landmassesthat of the North Island , or Te Ika-a-Mui , and the South Island , or Te Waipounamuand numerous smaller islands . New Zealand is situated some east of Australia across the Tasman Sea and roughly south of the Pacific island areas of New Caledonia , Fiji , and Tonga . Because of its remoteness , it was one of the last lands to be settled by humans . During its long period of isolation , New Zealand developed a distinct biodiversity of animal , fungal and plant life . The country 's varied topography and its sharp mountain peaks , such as the Southern Alps , owe much to the tectonic uplift of land and volcanic eruptions . New Zealand 's capital city is Wellington , while its most populous city is Auckland .", 'New Zealand']
['richmond', 'where is', 'new zealand', "New Zealand is an island nation in the southwestern Pacific Ocean . The country geographically comprises two main landmassesthat of the North Island , or Te Ika-a-Mui , and the South Island , or Te Waipounamuand numerous smaller islands . New Zealand is situated some east of Australia across the Tasman Sea and roughly south of the Pacific island areas of New Caledonia , Fiji , and Tonga . Because of its remoteness , it was one of the last lands to be settled by humans . During its long period of isolation , New Zealand developed a distinct biodiversity of animal , fungal and plant life . The country 's varied topography and its sharp mountain peaks , such as the Southern Alps , owe much to the tectonic uplift of land and volcanic eruptions . New Zealand 's capital city is Wellington , while its most populous city is Auckland .", 'southwestern Pacific Ocean']
['adamov', 'where is', 'adamov', 'Adamov ( Czech pronunciation : ( adamof ) ; German : Adamsthal ) is a town in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic , near Brno and Blansko . In St . Barbara Church . a wooden Gothic altarpiece is found called the Zwettl Altar ( Svtelský oltá ) , which embodies a preserved part of the original sculpture carved for the Zwettl Abbey in the early 16th century .', 'South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic']
['adamov', 'where is', 'adamov', 'Adamov ( Czech pronunciation : ( adamof ) ; German : Adamsthal ) is a town in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic , near Brno and Blansko . In St . Barbara Church . a wooden Gothic altarpiece is found called the Zwettl Altar ( Svtelský oltá ) , which embodies a preserved part of the original sculpture carved for the Zwettl Abbey in the early 16th century .', 'South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic']
['adamov', 'where is', 'south moravian region of the czech republic', 'Zlín Region is an administrative unit of the Czech Republic , located in the central-eastern part of the historical region of Moravia . It is named after its capital Zlín . Together with the Olomouc Region it forms a cohesion area of Central Moravia . It is located in the eastern part of the Czech Republic , where the borders with Slovakia ( Trenín and Žilina Regions ) are formed by its eastern edge . It borders with South Moravian Region in the southwest , Olomouc Region in the northwest and Moravian-Silesian Region in the north . The region consists of Kromíž District , Uherské Hradišt District , Vsetín District and Zlín District . Culturally , the region is composed of parts of three traditional Moravian regions : Hanakia , the Moravian Slovakia and the Moravian Wallachia , as the city of Zlín lies roughly at their tripoint .', 'southwest , Olomouc Region']
['adamov', 'located', 'southwest , olomouc region', "Olomouc Region is an administrative unit of the Czech Republic , located in the north-western and central part of its historical region of Moravia ( `` Morava '' ) and in a small part of the historical region of Czech Silesia ( `` eské Slezsko '' ) . It is named for its capital Olomouc . It consists of five districts : Jeseník District , Olomouc District , Prostjov District , Perov District and Šumperk District . On the territory of the region there are 13 administrative districts of municipalities with extended powers and 20 administrative districts of municipalities with authorised local authority . Olomouc region borders with the Moravian-Silesian Region ( in the east ) , Zlín Region ( in the south-east ) , South Moravian Region ( in the south-west ) and Pardubice Region ( in the west ) . Furthermore , the region shares a 104 km long border with Poland ( in the north ) .", 'Zlín Region ( in the south-east ) , South Moravian Region']
['adamov', 'municipality of', 'zlín region ( in the south-east ) , south moravian region', 'The South Moravian Region is an administrative unit of the Czech Republic , located in the south-western part of its historical region of Moravia ( an exception is Jobova Lhota which belongs to Bohemia ) . Its capital is Brno , the 2nd largest city in the Czech Republic . The region has 1,169,000 inhabitants ( as of 30 June 2013 ) and the total area of 7,196.5 km². It is bordered by the South Bohemian Region ( west ) , Vysoina Region ( north-west ) , Pardubice Region ( north ) , Olomouc Region ( north east ) , Zlín Region ( east ) , Slovakia ( south east ) and Austria ( south ) .', 'Slovakia']
['adamov', 'where is', 'slovakia', "Slovakia , officially the Slovak Republic , is a landlocked country in Central Europe . It is bordered by the Czech Republic and Austria to the west , Poland to the north , Ukraine to the east and Hungary to the south . Slovakia 's territory spans about and is mostly mountainous . The population is over 5 million and comprises mostly ethnic Slovaks . The capital and largest city is Bratislava . The official language is Slovak , a member of the Slavic language family .", 'Slovak Republic , is a landlocked country in Central Europe']
['adamov', 'where is', 'slovak republic , is a landlocked country in central europe', "Slovakia , officially the Slovak Republic , is a landlocked country in Central Europe . It is bordered by the Czech Republic and Austria to the west , Poland to the north , Ukraine to the east and Hungary to the south . Slovakia 's territory spans about and is mostly mountainous . The population is over 5 million and comprises mostly ethnic Slovaks . The capital and largest city is Bratislava . The official language is Slovak , a member of the Slavic language family .", 'Slovakia']
['adamov', 'municipality of', 'slovakia', 'Zlín Region is an administrative unit of the Czech Republic , located in the central-eastern part of the historical region of Moravia . It is named after its capital Zlín . Together with the Olomouc Region it forms a cohesion area of Central Moravia . It is located in the eastern part of the Czech Republic , where the borders with Slovakia ( Trenín and Žilina Regions ) are formed by its eastern edge . It borders with South Moravian Region in the southwest , Olomouc Region in the northwest and Moravian-Silesian Region in the north . The region consists of Kromíž District , Uherské Hradišt District , Vsetín District and Zlín District . Culturally , the region is composed of parts of three traditional Moravian regions : Hanakia , the Moravian Slovakia and the Moravian Wallachia , as the city of Zlín lies roughly at their tripoint .', 'Zlín Region']
['adamov', 'located', 'zlín region', 'Zlín Region is an administrative unit of the Czech Republic , located in the central-eastern part of the historical region of Moravia . It is named after its capital Zlín . Together with the Olomouc Region it forms a cohesion area of Central Moravia . It is located in the eastern part of the Czech Republic , where the borders with Slovakia ( Trenín and Žilina Regions ) are formed by its eastern edge . It borders with South Moravian Region in the southwest , Olomouc Region in the northwest and Moravian-Silesian Region in the north . The region consists of Kromíž District , Uherské Hradišt District , Vsetín District and Zlín District . Culturally , the region is composed of parts of three traditional Moravian regions : Hanakia , the Moravian Slovakia and the Moravian Wallachia , as the city of Zlín lies roughly at their tripoint .', 'Moravia']
['adamov', 'located', 'moravia', "The Vysoina Region ( `` Highlands Region '' ) , is an administrative unit of the Czech Republic , located partly in the south-eastern part of the historical region of Bohemia and partly in the south-west of the historical region of Moravia . Its capital is Jihlava .", 'the south-west of the historical region of Moravia . Its capital is Jihlava']
['adamov', 'where is', 'the south-west of the historical region of moravia . its capital is jihlava', "The Vysoina Region ( `` Highlands Region '' ) , is an administrative unit of the Czech Republic , located partly in the south-eastern part of the historical region of Bohemia and partly in the south-west of the historical region of Moravia . Its capital is Jihlava .", 'The Vysoina Region']
['adamov', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'the vysoina region', "The Vysoina Region ( `` Highlands Region '' ) , is an administrative unit of the Czech Republic , located partly in the south-eastern part of the historical region of Bohemia and partly in the south-west of the historical region of Moravia . Its capital is Jihlava .", 'south-eastern']
['adamov', 'located', 'south-eastern', "The Vysoina Region ( `` Highlands Region '' ) , is an administrative unit of the Czech Republic , located partly in the south-eastern part of the historical region of Bohemia and partly in the south-west of the historical region of Moravia . Its capital is Jihlava .", 'Moravia']
['adamov', 'located', 'moravia', "Silesia ( or ; Silesian German : `` Schläsing '' Silesian : `` lnsk '' ) is a region of Central Europe located mostly in Poland , with small parts in the Czech Republic and Germany . Its area is about , and its population about 8,000,000 . Silesia is located along the Oder river . It consists of Lower Silesia and Upper Silesia .", 'Poland']
['adamov', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'poland', 'Poland , officially the Republic of Poland , is a country in Central Europe , situated between the Baltic Sea in the north and two mountain ranges ( the Sudetes and Carpathian Mountains ) in the south . Bordered by Germany to the west ; the Czech Republic and Slovakia to the south ; Ukraine and Belarus to the east ; and the Baltic Sea , Kaliningrad Oblast ( a Russian exclave ) and Lithuania to the north . The total area of Poland is , making it the 69th largest country in the world and the 9th largest in Europe . With a population of over 38.5 million people , Poland is the 34th most populous country in the world , the 8th most populous country in Europe and the sixth most populous member of the European Union . Poland is a unitary state divided into 16 administrative subdivisions , and its capital and largest city is Warsaw . Other metropolises include Kraków , Wrocaw , Pozna , Gdask and Szczecin .', 'two mountain ranges']
['adamov', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'two mountain ranges', 'Poland , officially the Republic of Poland , is a country in Central Europe , situated between the Baltic Sea in the north and two mountain ranges ( the Sudetes and Carpathian Mountains ) in the south . Bordered by Germany to the west ; the Czech Republic and Slovakia to the south ; Ukraine and Belarus to the east ; and the Baltic Sea , Kaliningrad Oblast ( a Russian exclave ) and Lithuania to the north . The total area of Poland is , making it the 69th largest country in the world and the 9th largest in Europe . With a population of over 38.5 million people , Poland is the 34th most populous country in the world , the 8th most populous country in Europe and the sixth most populous member of the European Union . Poland is a unitary state divided into 16 administrative subdivisions , and its capital and largest city is Warsaw . Other metropolises include Kraków , Wrocaw , Pozna , Gdask and Szczecin .', 'south']
['adamov', 'municipality of', 'south', 'The South Moravian Region is an administrative unit of the Czech Republic , located in the south-western part of its historical region of Moravia ( an exception is Jobova Lhota which belongs to Bohemia ) . Its capital is Brno , the 2nd largest city in the Czech Republic . The region has 1,169,000 inhabitants ( as of 30 June 2013 ) and the total area of 7,196.5 km². It is bordered by the South Bohemian Region ( west ) , Vysoina Region ( north-west ) , Pardubice Region ( north ) , Olomouc Region ( north east ) , Zlín Region ( east ) , Slovakia ( south east ) and Austria ( south ) .', 'Austria']
['adamov', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'austria', 'The South Moravian Region is an administrative unit of the Czech Republic , located in the south-western part of its historical region of Moravia ( an exception is Jobova Lhota which belongs to Bohemia ) . Its capital is Brno , the 2nd largest city in the Czech Republic . The region has 1,169,000 inhabitants ( as of 30 June 2013 ) and the total area of 7,196.5 km². It is bordered by the South Bohemian Region ( west ) , Vysoina Region ( north-west ) , Pardubice Region ( north ) , Olomouc Region ( north east ) , Zlín Region ( east ) , Slovakia ( south east ) and Austria ( south ) .', 'south']
['adamov', 'where is', 'south', 'The South Moravian Region is an administrative unit of the Czech Republic , located in the south-western part of its historical region of Moravia ( an exception is Jobova Lhota which belongs to Bohemia ) . Its capital is Brno , the 2nd largest city in the Czech Republic . The region has 1,169,000 inhabitants ( as of 30 June 2013 ) and the total area of 7,196.5 km². It is bordered by the South Bohemian Region ( west ) , Vysoina Region ( north-west ) , Pardubice Region ( north ) , Olomouc Region ( north east ) , Zlín Region ( east ) , Slovakia ( south east ) and Austria ( south ) .', 'Austria']
['adamov', 'where is', 'austria', "Slovakia , officially the Slovak Republic , is a landlocked country in Central Europe . It is bordered by the Czech Republic and Austria to the west , Poland to the north , Ukraine to the east and Hungary to the south . Slovakia 's territory spans about and is mostly mountainous . The population is over 5 million and comprises mostly ethnic Slovaks . The capital and largest city is Bratislava . The official language is Slovak , a member of the Slavic language family .", 'west , Poland']
['adamov', 'municipality of', 'west , poland', 'Poland , officially the Republic of Poland , is a country in Central Europe , situated between the Baltic Sea in the north and two mountain ranges ( the Sudetes and Carpathian Mountains ) in the south . Bordered by Germany to the west ; the Czech Republic and Slovakia to the south ; Ukraine and Belarus to the east ; and the Baltic Sea , Kaliningrad Oblast ( a Russian exclave ) and Lithuania to the north . The total area of Poland is , making it the 69th largest country in the world and the 9th largest in Europe . With a population of over 38.5 million people , Poland is the 34th most populous country in the world , the 8th most populous country in Europe and the sixth most populous member of the European Union . Poland is a unitary state divided into 16 administrative subdivisions , and its capital and largest city is Warsaw . Other metropolises include Kraków , Wrocaw , Pozna , Gdask and Szczecin .', 'Germany']
['adamov', 'located', 'germany', "Germany , officially the Federal Republic of Germany , is a federal parliamentary republic in central-western Europe . It includes 16 constituent states , covers an area of , and has a largely temperate seasonal climate . With about 82 million inhabitants , Germany is the most populous member state of the European Union . After the United States , it is the second most popular immigration destination in the world . Germany 's capital and largest metropolis is Berlin . Other major cities include Hamburg , Munich , Cologne , Frankfurt , Stuttgart and Düsseldorf .", 'Federal Republic of Germany , is a federal parliamentary republic in central-western Europe']
['adamov', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'federal republic of germany , is a federal parliamentary republic in central-western europe', "Germany , officially the Federal Republic of Germany , is a federal parliamentary republic in central-western Europe . It includes 16 constituent states , covers an area of , and has a largely temperate seasonal climate . With about 82 million inhabitants , Germany is the most populous member state of the European Union . After the United States , it is the second most popular immigration destination in the world . Germany 's capital and largest metropolis is Berlin . Other major cities include Hamburg , Munich , Cologne , Frankfurt , Stuttgart and Düsseldorf .", 'temperate']
['adamov', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'temperate', 'Prague is the capital and largest city of the Czech Republic . It is the 14th largest city in the European Union . It is also the historical capital of Bohemia . Situated in the north-west of the country on the Vltava river , the city is home to about 1.26 million people , while its larger urban zone is estimated to have a population of nearly 2 million . The city has a temperate climate , with warm summers and chilly winters .', 'warm summers and chilly winters']
['adamov', 'where is', 'warm summers and chilly winters', 'Prague is the capital and largest city of the Czech Republic . It is the 14th largest city in the European Union . It is also the historical capital of Bohemia . Situated in the north-west of the country on the Vltava river , the city is home to about 1.26 million people , while its larger urban zone is estimated to have a population of nearly 2 million . The city has a temperate climate , with warm summers and chilly winters .', 'Prague']
['adamov', 'municipality of', 'prague', 'Prague is the capital and largest city of the Czech Republic . It is the 14th largest city in the European Union . It is also the historical capital of Bohemia . Situated in the north-west of the country on the Vltava river , the city is home to about 1.26 million people , while its larger urban zone is estimated to have a population of nearly 2 million . The city has a temperate climate , with warm summers and chilly winters .', 'Prague is the capital and largest city of the Czech Republic']
['kandersteg international scout centre', 'where is', 'kandersteg international scout centre', 'The Kandersteg International Scout Centre ( KISC ) is an international Scout centre in Kandersteg , Switzerland . The centre provides lodges , chalets and campsites covering 17 hectares of land . It is open to Scouts year round , as well as to non-Scouts for most of the year . More than 11,000 young people from over 40 different countries visit the centre every year . KISC is one of the three World Scout Centres of the World Organization of the Scout Movement ( WOSM ) .', 'Kandersteg , Switzerland']
['kandersteg international scout centre', 'where is', 'kandersteg international scout centre', 'The Kandersteg International Scout Centre ( KISC ) is an international Scout centre in Kandersteg , Switzerland . The centre provides lodges , chalets and campsites covering 17 hectares of land . It is open to Scouts year round , as well as to non-Scouts for most of the year . More than 11,000 young people from over 40 different countries visit the centre every year . KISC is one of the three World Scout Centres of the World Organization of the Scout Movement ( WOSM ) .', 'Kandersteg , Switzerland']
['kandersteg international scout centre', 'located', 'kandersteg , switzerland', 'Kandersteg is a municipality in the Frutigen-Niedersimmental administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland . It is located along the valley of the River Kander , west of the Jungfrau massif . It is noted for its spectacular mountain scenery and sylvan alpine landscapes . Tourism is a very significant part of its economic life today . It is a year-round outdoors mecca for hiking trails and mountain climbing as well as downhill and cross-country skiing .', 'Frutigen-Niedersimmental administrative district in the canton of Bern']
['kandersteg international scout centre', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'frutigen-niedersimmental administrative district in the canton of bern', 'Frutigen is a municipality in the Bernese Oberland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland . It is the capital of the Frutigen-Niedersimmental administrative district .', 'capital']
['kandersteg international scout centre', 'municipality of', 'capital', 'Frutigen is a municipality in the Bernese Oberland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland . It is the capital of the Frutigen-Niedersimmental administrative district .', 'Frutigen-Niedersimmental']
['kandersteg international scout centre', 'municipality of', 'frutigen-niedersimmental', 'Frutigen is a municipality in the Bernese Oberland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland . It is the capital of the Frutigen-Niedersimmental administrative district .', 'Bernese Oberland']
['kandersteg international scout centre', 'municipality of', 'bernese oberland', 'Frutigen is a municipality in the Bernese Oberland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland . It is the capital of the Frutigen-Niedersimmental administrative district .', 'Frutigen']
['kandersteg international scout centre', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'frutigen', 'Frutigen is a municipality in the Bernese Oberland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland . It is the capital of the Frutigen-Niedersimmental administrative district .', 'It is the capital of the Frutigen-Niedersimmental administrative district']
['kandersteg international scout centre', 'where is', 'it is the capital of the frutigen-niedersimmental administrative district', 'Frutigen is a municipality in the Bernese Oberland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland . It is the capital of the Frutigen-Niedersimmental administrative district .', 'the Bernese Oberland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland']
['kandersteg international scout centre', 'where is', 'the bernese oberland in the canton of bern in switzerland', 'Frutigen is a municipality in the Bernese Oberland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland . It is the capital of the Frutigen-Niedersimmental administrative district .', 'Frutigen']
['kandersteg international scout centre', 'where is', 'frutigen', 'Frutigen is a municipality in the Bernese Oberland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland . It is the capital of the Frutigen-Niedersimmental administrative district .', 'Bernese Oberland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland']
['kandersteg international scout centre', 'located', 'bernese oberland in the canton of bern in switzerland', 'Frutigen is a municipality in the Bernese Oberland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland . It is the capital of the Frutigen-Niedersimmental administrative district .', 'Frutigen']
['kandersteg international scout centre', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'frutigen', 'Kandersteg is a municipality in the Frutigen-Niedersimmental administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland . It is located along the valley of the River Kander , west of the Jungfrau massif . It is noted for its spectacular mountain scenery and sylvan alpine landscapes . Tourism is a very significant part of its economic life today . It is a year-round outdoors mecca for hiking trails and mountain climbing as well as downhill and cross-country skiing .', 'downhill and cross-country skiing']
['kandersteg international scout centre', 'municipality of', 'downhill and cross-country skiing', 'Kandersteg is a municipality in the Frutigen-Niedersimmental administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland . It is located along the valley of the River Kander , west of the Jungfrau massif . It is noted for its spectacular mountain scenery and sylvan alpine landscapes . Tourism is a very significant part of its economic life today . It is a year-round outdoors mecca for hiking trails and mountain climbing as well as downhill and cross-country skiing .', 'Kandersteg']
['kandersteg international scout centre', 'where is', 'kandersteg', 'Kandersteg is a municipality in the Frutigen-Niedersimmental administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland . It is located along the valley of the River Kander , west of the Jungfrau massif . It is noted for its spectacular mountain scenery and sylvan alpine landscapes . Tourism is a very significant part of its economic life today . It is a year-round outdoors mecca for hiking trails and mountain climbing as well as downhill and cross-country skiing .', 'Frutigen-Niedersimmental administrative district']
['kandersteg international scout centre', 'municipality of', 'frutigen-niedersimmental administrative district', 'Frutigen is a municipality in the Bernese Oberland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland . It is the capital of the Frutigen-Niedersimmental administrative district .', 'Bernese Oberland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland']
['kandersteg international scout centre', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'bernese oberland in the canton of bern in switzerland', 'Frutigen is a municipality in the Bernese Oberland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland . It is the capital of the Frutigen-Niedersimmental administrative district .', 'Frutigen']
['kandersteg international scout centre', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'frutigen', 'The Kandersteg International Scout Centre ( KISC ) is an international Scout centre in Kandersteg , Switzerland . The centre provides lodges , chalets and campsites covering 17 hectares of land . It is open to Scouts year round , as well as to non-Scouts for most of the year . More than 11,000 young people from over 40 different countries visit the centre every year . KISC is one of the three World Scout Centres of the World Organization of the Scout Movement ( WOSM ) .', 'lodges , chalets and campsites']
['kandersteg international scout centre', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'lodges , chalets and campsites', 'The Kandersteg International Scout Centre ( KISC ) is an international Scout centre in Kandersteg , Switzerland . The centre provides lodges , chalets and campsites covering 17 hectares of land . It is open to Scouts year round , as well as to non-Scouts for most of the year . More than 11,000 young people from over 40 different countries visit the centre every year . KISC is one of the three World Scout Centres of the World Organization of the Scout Movement ( WOSM ) .', 'The centre provides']
['kandersteg international scout centre', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'the centre provides', 'The Kandersteg International Scout Centre ( KISC ) is an international Scout centre in Kandersteg , Switzerland . The centre provides lodges , chalets and campsites covering 17 hectares of land . It is open to Scouts year round , as well as to non-Scouts for most of the year . More than 11,000 young people from over 40 different countries visit the centre every year . KISC is one of the three World Scout Centres of the World Organization of the Scout Movement ( WOSM ) .', 'lodges , chalets and campsites']
['kandersteg international scout centre', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'lodges , chalets and campsites', 'Switzerland , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a federal republic in Europe . It consists of 26 cantons , and the city of Bern is the seat of the federal authorities . The country is situated in Western-Central Europe , and is bordered by Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany to the north , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east . Switzerland is a landlocked country geographically divided between the Alps , the Swiss Plateau and the Jura , spanning an area of . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory , the Swiss population of approximately eight million people is concentrated mostly on the plateau , where the largest cities are to be found : among them are the two global cities and economic centres Zürich and Geneva .', 'landlocked country geographically divided between the Alps']
['kandersteg international scout centre', 'located', 'landlocked country geographically divided between the alps', 'Switzerland , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a federal republic in Europe . It consists of 26 cantons , and the city of Bern is the seat of the federal authorities . The country is situated in Western-Central Europe , and is bordered by Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany to the north , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east . Switzerland is a landlocked country geographically divided between the Alps , the Swiss Plateau and the Jura , spanning an area of . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory , the Swiss population of approximately eight million people is concentrated mostly on the plateau , where the largest cities are to be found : among them are the two global cities and economic centres Zürich and Geneva .', 'Switzerland']
['kandersteg international scout centre', 'where is', 'switzerland', 'Switzerland , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a federal republic in Europe . It consists of 26 cantons , and the city of Bern is the seat of the federal authorities . The country is situated in Western-Central Europe , and is bordered by Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany to the north , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east . Switzerland is a landlocked country geographically divided between the Alps , the Swiss Plateau and the Jura , spanning an area of . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory , the Swiss population of approximately eight million people is concentrated mostly on the plateau , where the largest cities are to be found : among them are the two global cities and economic centres Zürich and Geneva .', 'Europe']
['kandersteg international scout centre', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'europe', 'Switzerland , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a federal republic in Europe . It consists of 26 cantons , and the city of Bern is the seat of the federal authorities . The country is situated in Western-Central Europe , and is bordered by Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany to the north , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east . Switzerland is a landlocked country geographically divided between the Alps , the Swiss Plateau and the Jura , spanning an area of . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory , the Swiss population of approximately eight million people is concentrated mostly on the plateau , where the largest cities are to be found : among them are the two global cities and economic centres Zürich and Geneva .', 'Western-Central Europe']
['kandersteg international scout centre', 'located', 'western-central europe', 'Switzerland , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a federal republic in Europe . It consists of 26 cantons , and the city of Bern is the seat of the federal authorities . The country is situated in Western-Central Europe , and is bordered by Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany to the north , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east . Switzerland is a landlocked country geographically divided between the Alps , the Swiss Plateau and the Jura , spanning an area of . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory , the Swiss population of approximately eight million people is concentrated mostly on the plateau , where the largest cities are to be found : among them are the two global cities and economic centres Zürich and Geneva .', 'The country is situated in Western-Central Europe , and is bordered by Italy']
['kandersteg international scout centre', 'located', 'the country is situated in western-central europe , and is bordered by italy', 'Switzerland , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a federal republic in Europe . It consists of 26 cantons , and the city of Bern is the seat of the federal authorities . The country is situated in Western-Central Europe , and is bordered by Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany to the north , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east . Switzerland is a landlocked country geographically divided between the Alps , the Swiss Plateau and the Jura , spanning an area of . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory , the Swiss population of approximately eight million people is concentrated mostly on the plateau , where the largest cities are to be found : among them are the two global cities and economic centres Zürich and Geneva .', 'the south , France']
['leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', 'where is', 'leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', "National Wildlife Refuge System is a designation for certain protected areas of the United States managed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service . The National Wildlife Refuge System is the system of public lands and waters set aside to conserve America 's fish , wildlife and plants . Since President Theodore Roosevelt designated Florida 's Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge as the first wildlife refuge in 1903 , the System has grown to over 562 national wildlife refuges and 38 wetland management districts encompassing more than .", "Florida 's Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge"]
['leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', "National Wildlife Refuge System is a designation for certain protected areas of the United States managed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service . The National Wildlife Refuge System is the system of public lands and waters set aside to conserve America 's fish , wildlife and plants . Since President Theodore Roosevelt designated Florida 's Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge as the first wildlife refuge in 1903 , the System has grown to over 562 national wildlife refuges and 38 wetland management districts encompassing more than .", 'over 562 national wildlife refuges and 38 wetland management districts']
['leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'over 562 national wildlife refuges and 38 wetland management districts', "National Wildlife Refuge System is a designation for certain protected areas of the United States managed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service . The National Wildlife Refuge System is the system of public lands and waters set aside to conserve America 's fish , wildlife and plants . Since President Theodore Roosevelt designated Florida 's Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge as the first wildlife refuge in 1903 , the System has grown to over 562 national wildlife refuges and 38 wetland management districts encompassing more than .", 'more']
['leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', 'located', 'more', 'Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge located just off the western coast of Orchid Island in the Indian River Lagoon east of Sebastian , Florida . The refuge consists of a island that includes an additional of surrounding water and is located off the east coast of Florida of the Indian River Lagoon . Established by an executive order of President Theodore Roosevelt on March 14 , 1903 , Pelican Island was the first national wildlife refuge in the United States . It was created to protect egrets and other birds from extinction through plume hunting .', 'surrounding water and is located off the east coast of Florida of the Indian River Lagoon']
['leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', 'municipality of', 'surrounding water and is located off the east coast of florida of the indian river lagoon', 'Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge located just off the western coast of Orchid Island in the Indian River Lagoon east of Sebastian , Florida . The refuge consists of a island that includes an additional of surrounding water and is located off the east coast of Florida of the Indian River Lagoon . Established by an executive order of President Theodore Roosevelt on March 14 , 1903 , Pelican Island was the first national wildlife refuge in the United States . It was created to protect egrets and other birds from extinction through plume hunting .', 'Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge']
['leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', 'municipality of', 'pelican island national wildlife refuge', 'Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge located just off the western coast of Orchid Island in the Indian River Lagoon east of Sebastian , Florida . The refuge consists of a island that includes an additional of surrounding water and is located off the east coast of Florida of the Indian River Lagoon . Established by an executive order of President Theodore Roosevelt on March 14 , 1903 , Pelican Island was the first national wildlife refuge in the United States . It was created to protect egrets and other birds from extinction through plume hunting .', 'Pelican Island']
['leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', 'municipality of', 'pelican island', 'Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge located just off the western coast of Orchid Island in the Indian River Lagoon east of Sebastian , Florida . The refuge consists of a island that includes an additional of surrounding water and is located off the east coast of Florida of the Indian River Lagoon . Established by an executive order of President Theodore Roosevelt on March 14 , 1903 , Pelican Island was the first national wildlife refuge in the United States . It was created to protect egrets and other birds from extinction through plume hunting .', 'Orchid Island']
['leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'orchid island', 'Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge located just off the western coast of Orchid Island in the Indian River Lagoon east of Sebastian , Florida . The refuge consists of a island that includes an additional of surrounding water and is located off the east coast of Florida of the Indian River Lagoon . Established by an executive order of President Theodore Roosevelt on March 14 , 1903 , Pelican Island was the first national wildlife refuge in the United States . It was created to protect egrets and other birds from extinction through plume hunting .', 'a island that includes an additional of surrounding water']
['leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'a island that includes an additional of surrounding water', 'Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge located just off the western coast of Orchid Island in the Indian River Lagoon east of Sebastian , Florida . The refuge consists of a island that includes an additional of surrounding water and is located off the east coast of Florida of the Indian River Lagoon . Established by an executive order of President Theodore Roosevelt on March 14 , 1903 , Pelican Island was the first national wildlife refuge in the United States . It was created to protect egrets and other birds from extinction through plume hunting .', 'refuge']
['leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'refuge', 'Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge located just off the western coast of Orchid Island in the Indian River Lagoon east of Sebastian , Florida . The refuge consists of a island that includes an additional of surrounding water and is located off the east coast of Florida of the Indian River Lagoon . Established by an executive order of President Theodore Roosevelt on March 14 , 1903 , Pelican Island was the first national wildlife refuge in the United States . It was created to protect egrets and other birds from extinction through plume hunting .', 'a island that includes an additional of surrounding water']
['leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', 'located', 'a island that includes an additional of surrounding water', 'Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge located just off the western coast of Orchid Island in the Indian River Lagoon east of Sebastian , Florida . The refuge consists of a island that includes an additional of surrounding water and is located off the east coast of Florida of the Indian River Lagoon . Established by an executive order of President Theodore Roosevelt on March 14 , 1903 , Pelican Island was the first national wildlife refuge in the United States . It was created to protect egrets and other birds from extinction through plume hunting .', 'Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge']
['leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', 'located', 'pelican island national wildlife refuge', 'Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge located just off the western coast of Orchid Island in the Indian River Lagoon east of Sebastian , Florida . The refuge consists of a island that includes an additional of surrounding water and is located off the east coast of Florida of the Indian River Lagoon . Established by an executive order of President Theodore Roosevelt on March 14 , 1903 , Pelican Island was the first national wildlife refuge in the United States . It was created to protect egrets and other birds from extinction through plume hunting .', 'Pelican Island']
['leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'pelican island', 'Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge located just off the western coast of Orchid Island in the Indian River Lagoon east of Sebastian , Florida . The refuge consists of a island that includes an additional of surrounding water and is located off the east coast of Florida of the Indian River Lagoon . Established by an executive order of President Theodore Roosevelt on March 14 , 1903 , Pelican Island was the first national wildlife refuge in the United States . It was created to protect egrets and other birds from extinction through plume hunting .', 'a island that includes an additional of surrounding water']
['leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', 'municipality of', 'a island that includes an additional of surrounding water', 'Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge located just off the western coast of Orchid Island in the Indian River Lagoon east of Sebastian , Florida . The refuge consists of a island that includes an additional of surrounding water and is located off the east coast of Florida of the Indian River Lagoon . Established by an executive order of President Theodore Roosevelt on March 14 , 1903 , Pelican Island was the first national wildlife refuge in the United States . It was created to protect egrets and other birds from extinction through plume hunting .', 'Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge']
['leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', 'where is', 'pelican island national wildlife refuge', 'Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge located just off the western coast of Orchid Island in the Indian River Lagoon east of Sebastian , Florida . The refuge consists of a island that includes an additional of surrounding water and is located off the east coast of Florida of the Indian River Lagoon . Established by an executive order of President Theodore Roosevelt on March 14 , 1903 , Pelican Island was the first national wildlife refuge in the United States . It was created to protect egrets and other birds from extinction through plume hunting .', 'United States']
['leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', 'located', 'united states', 'Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge located just off the western coast of Orchid Island in the Indian River Lagoon east of Sebastian , Florida . The refuge consists of a island that includes an additional of surrounding water and is located off the east coast of Florida of the Indian River Lagoon . Established by an executive order of President Theodore Roosevelt on March 14 , 1903 , Pelican Island was the first national wildlife refuge in the United States . It was created to protect egrets and other birds from extinction through plume hunting .', 'Indian River Lagoon east of Sebastian , Florida']
['leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'indian river lagoon east of sebastian , florida', 'Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge located just off the western coast of Orchid Island in the Indian River Lagoon east of Sebastian , Florida . The refuge consists of a island that includes an additional of surrounding water and is located off the east coast of Florida of the Indian River Lagoon . Established by an executive order of President Theodore Roosevelt on March 14 , 1903 , Pelican Island was the first national wildlife refuge in the United States . It was created to protect egrets and other birds from extinction through plume hunting .', 'east coast']
['leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'east coast', 'Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge located just off the western coast of Orchid Island in the Indian River Lagoon east of Sebastian , Florida . The refuge consists of a island that includes an additional of surrounding water and is located off the east coast of Florida of the Indian River Lagoon . Established by an executive order of President Theodore Roosevelt on March 14 , 1903 , Pelican Island was the first national wildlife refuge in the United States . It was created to protect egrets and other birds from extinction through plume hunting .', 'a island that includes an additional of surrounding water']
['leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', 'municipality of', 'a island that includes an additional of surrounding water', 'The protected areas of the United States are managed by an array of different federal , state , tribal and local level authorities and receive widely varying levels of protection . Some areas are managed as wilderness , while others are operated with acceptable commercial exploitation . , the 25,800 protected areas covered , or 14 percent of the land area of the United States . This is also one-tenth of the protected land area of the world . The U.S . also had a total of 787 National Marine Protected Areas , covering an additional , or 12 percent of the total marine area of the United States .', '787 National Marine Protected Areas']
['leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', 'where is', '787 national marine protected areas', 'The protected areas of the United States are managed by an array of different federal , state , tribal and local level authorities and receive widely varying levels of protection . Some areas are managed as wilderness , while others are operated with acceptable commercial exploitation . , the 25,800 protected areas covered , or 14 percent of the land area of the United States . This is also one-tenth of the protected land area of the world . The U.S . also had a total of 787 National Marine Protected Areas , covering an additional , or 12 percent of the total marine area of the United States .', 'The U.S .']
['leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'the u.s .', 'A savanna or savannah is a mixed woodland grassland ecosystem characterised by the trees being sufficiently widely spaced so that the canopy does not close . The open canopy allows sufficient light to reach the ground to support an unbroken herbaceous layer consisting primarily of grasses .', 'herbaceous']
['leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'herbaceous', 'A savanna or savannah is a mixed woodland grassland ecosystem characterised by the trees being sufficiently widely spaced so that the canopy does not close . The open canopy allows sufficient light to reach the ground to support an unbroken herbaceous layer consisting primarily of grasses .', 'grasses']
['leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', 'located', 'grasses', 'Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge located just off the western coast of Orchid Island in the Indian River Lagoon east of Sebastian , Florida . The refuge consists of a island that includes an additional of surrounding water and is located off the east coast of Florida of the Indian River Lagoon . Established by an executive order of President Theodore Roosevelt on March 14 , 1903 , Pelican Island was the first national wildlife refuge in the United States . It was created to protect egrets and other birds from extinction through plume hunting .', 'plume hunting']
['leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', 'where is', 'plume hunting', 'Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge located just off the western coast of Orchid Island in the Indian River Lagoon east of Sebastian , Florida . The refuge consists of a island that includes an additional of surrounding water and is located off the east coast of Florida of the Indian River Lagoon . Established by an executive order of President Theodore Roosevelt on March 14 , 1903 , Pelican Island was the first national wildlife refuge in the United States . It was created to protect egrets and other birds from extinction through plume hunting .', 'Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge']
['leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', 'located', 'pelican island national wildlife refuge', "National Wildlife Refuge System is a designation for certain protected areas of the United States managed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service . The National Wildlife Refuge System is the system of public lands and waters set aside to conserve America 's fish , wildlife and plants . Since President Theodore Roosevelt designated Florida 's Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge as the first wildlife refuge in 1903 , the System has grown to over 562 national wildlife refuges and 38 wetland management districts encompassing more than .", 'Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge']
['leslie canyon national wildlife refuge', 'where is', 'pelican island national wildlife refuge', "National Wildlife Refuge System is a designation for certain protected areas of the United States managed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service . The National Wildlife Refuge System is the system of public lands and waters set aside to conserve America 's fish , wildlife and plants . Since President Theodore Roosevelt designated Florida 's Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge as the first wildlife refuge in 1903 , the System has grown to over 562 national wildlife refuges and 38 wetland management districts encompassing more than .", 'Florida']
['leidsevaart', 'where is', 'leidsevaart', 'A drainage basin or catchment basin is an extent or an area of land where all surface water from rain , melting snow , or ice converges to a single point at a lower elevation , usually the exit of the basin , where the waters join another body of water , such as a river , lake , reservoir , estuary , wetland , sea , or ocean . Thus if a tributary stream joins a brook that in turn joins a small river which is a tributary of a larger river , there is a series of successively larger ( and lower elevation ) drainage basins . For instance , the Missouri and Ohio rivers are within their own drainage basins and also within the drainage basin of the Mississippi River .', 'exit of the basin']
['leidsevaart', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'leidsevaart', "The Leidsevaart ( also known as Leidse trekvaart , Dutch for `` Leiden 's Pull - Canal '' ) is a canal between the cities of Haarlem and Leiden in the Netherlands . It was dug in 1657 , making it one of the oldest canals in the Netherlands . It was the major means of transport between Leiden and Haarlem for almost two centuries until the rail connection was established in the 19th century . The original stops along the railroad mirrored the toll bridges of the canal . The canal runs through or borders the municipalities of Haarlem , Heemstede , Bloemendaal , Hillegom , Noordwijkerhout , Lisse , Teylingen , Oegstgeest , and Leiden .", 'a canal']
['leidsevaart', 'municipality of', 'a canal', "The Leidsevaart ( also known as Leidse trekvaart , Dutch for `` Leiden 's Pull - Canal '' ) is a canal between the cities of Haarlem and Leiden in the Netherlands . It was dug in 1657 , making it one of the oldest canals in the Netherlands . It was the major means of transport between Leiden and Haarlem for almost two centuries until the rail connection was established in the 19th century . The original stops along the railroad mirrored the toll bridges of the canal . The canal runs through or borders the municipalities of Haarlem , Heemstede , Bloemendaal , Hillegom , Noordwijkerhout , Lisse , Teylingen , Oegstgeest , and Leiden .", 'Haarlem']
['leidsevaart', 'located', 'haarlem', "Haarlem ( predecessor of `` Harlem '' in the English language ) is a city and municipality in the Netherlands . It is the capital of the province of North Holland and is situated at the northern edge of the Randstad , one of the most populated metropolitan areas in Europe . Haarlem had a population of in . It is a 15-minute train ride from Amsterdam , and many residents commute to the country 's capital for work .", 'northern edge of the Randstad']
['leidsevaart', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'northern edge of the randstad', "Haarlem ( predecessor of `` Harlem '' in the English language ) is a city and municipality in the Netherlands . It is the capital of the province of North Holland and is situated at the northern edge of the Randstad , one of the most populated metropolitan areas in Europe . Haarlem had a population of in . It is a 15-minute train ride from Amsterdam , and many residents commute to the country 's capital for work .", 'one of the most populated metropolitan areas']
['leidsevaart', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'one of the most populated metropolitan areas', "Haarlem ( predecessor of `` Harlem '' in the English language ) is a city and municipality in the Netherlands . It is the capital of the province of North Holland and is situated at the northern edge of the Randstad , one of the most populated metropolitan areas in Europe . Haarlem had a population of in . It is a 15-minute train ride from Amsterdam , and many residents commute to the country 's capital for work .", 'northern edge']
['leidsevaart', 'where is', 'northern edge', "Haarlem ( predecessor of `` Harlem '' in the English language ) is a city and municipality in the Netherlands . It is the capital of the province of North Holland and is situated at the northern edge of the Randstad , one of the most populated metropolitan areas in Europe . Haarlem had a population of in . It is a 15-minute train ride from Amsterdam , and many residents commute to the country 's capital for work .", 'Randstad']
['leidsevaart', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'randstad', "Haarlem ( predecessor of `` Harlem '' in the English language ) is a city and municipality in the Netherlands . It is the capital of the province of North Holland and is situated at the northern edge of the Randstad , one of the most populated metropolitan areas in Europe . Haarlem had a population of in . It is a 15-minute train ride from Amsterdam , and many residents commute to the country 's capital for work .", 'northern edge']
['leidsevaart', 'where is', 'northern edge', 'A drainage basin or catchment basin is an extent or an area of land where all surface water from rain , melting snow , or ice converges to a single point at a lower elevation , usually the exit of the basin , where the waters join another body of water , such as a river , lake , reservoir , estuary , wetland , sea , or ocean . Thus if a tributary stream joins a brook that in turn joins a small river which is a tributary of a larger river , there is a series of successively larger ( and lower elevation ) drainage basins . For instance , the Missouri and Ohio rivers are within their own drainage basins and also within the drainage basin of the Mississippi River .', 'exit of the basin']
['leidsevaart', 'where is', 'exit of the basin', 'A drainage basin or catchment basin is an extent or an area of land where all surface water from rain , melting snow , or ice converges to a single point at a lower elevation , usually the exit of the basin , where the waters join another body of water , such as a river , lake , reservoir , estuary , wetland , sea , or ocean . Thus if a tributary stream joins a brook that in turn joins a small river which is a tributary of a larger river , there is a series of successively larger ( and lower elevation ) drainage basins . For instance , the Missouri and Ohio rivers are within their own drainage basins and also within the drainage basin of the Mississippi River .', 'where the waters join another body of water , such as a river , lake']
['leidsevaart', 'located', 'where the waters join another body of water , such as a river , lake', 'A drainage basin or catchment basin is an extent or an area of land where all surface water from rain , melting snow , or ice converges to a single point at a lower elevation , usually the exit of the basin , where the waters join another body of water , such as a river , lake , reservoir , estuary , wetland , sea , or ocean . Thus if a tributary stream joins a brook that in turn joins a small river which is a tributary of a larger river , there is a series of successively larger ( and lower elevation ) drainage basins . For instance , the Missouri and Ohio rivers are within their own drainage basins and also within the drainage basin of the Mississippi River .', 'the exit of the basin']
['leidsevaart', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'the exit of the basin', 'A drainage basin or catchment basin is an extent or an area of land where all surface water from rain , melting snow , or ice converges to a single point at a lower elevation , usually the exit of the basin , where the waters join another body of water , such as a river , lake , reservoir , estuary , wetland , sea , or ocean . Thus if a tributary stream joins a brook that in turn joins a small river which is a tributary of a larger river , there is a series of successively larger ( and lower elevation ) drainage basins . For instance , the Missouri and Ohio rivers are within their own drainage basins and also within the drainage basin of the Mississippi River .', 'drainage basin or catchment']
['leidsevaart', 'municipality of', 'drainage basin or catchment', 'A drainage basin or catchment basin is an extent or an area of land where all surface water from rain , melting snow , or ice converges to a single point at a lower elevation , usually the exit of the basin , where the waters join another body of water , such as a river , lake , reservoir , estuary , wetland , sea , or ocean . Thus if a tributary stream joins a brook that in turn joins a small river which is a tributary of a larger river , there is a series of successively larger ( and lower elevation ) drainage basins . For instance , the Missouri and Ohio rivers are within their own drainage basins and also within the drainage basin of the Mississippi River .', 'Mississippi River']
['leidsevaart', 'where is', 'mississippi river', 'A drainage basin or catchment basin is an extent or an area of land where all surface water from rain , melting snow , or ice converges to a single point at a lower elevation , usually the exit of the basin , where the waters join another body of water , such as a river , lake , reservoir , estuary , wetland , sea , or ocean . Thus if a tributary stream joins a brook that in turn joins a small river which is a tributary of a larger river , there is a series of successively larger ( and lower elevation ) drainage basins . For instance , the Missouri and Ohio rivers are within their own drainage basins and also within the drainage basin of the Mississippi River .', 'the drainage basin']
['leidsevaart', 'where is', 'the drainage basin', 'A drainage basin or catchment basin is an extent or an area of land where all surface water from rain , melting snow , or ice converges to a single point at a lower elevation , usually the exit of the basin , where the waters join another body of water , such as a river , lake , reservoir , estuary , wetland , sea , or ocean . Thus if a tributary stream joins a brook that in turn joins a small river which is a tributary of a larger river , there is a series of successively larger ( and lower elevation ) drainage basins . For instance , the Missouri and Ohio rivers are within their own drainage basins and also within the drainage basin of the Mississippi River .', 'Mississippi River']
['leidsevaart', 'located', 'mississippi river', 'A drainage basin or catchment basin is an extent or an area of land where all surface water from rain , melting snow , or ice converges to a single point at a lower elevation , usually the exit of the basin , where the waters join another body of water , such as a river , lake , reservoir , estuary , wetland , sea , or ocean . Thus if a tributary stream joins a brook that in turn joins a small river which is a tributary of a larger river , there is a series of successively larger ( and lower elevation ) drainage basins . For instance , the Missouri and Ohio rivers are within their own drainage basins and also within the drainage basin of the Mississippi River .', 'Mississippi River']
['leidsevaart', 'where is', 'mississippi river', "A river is a natural flowing watercourse , usually freshwater , flowing towards an ocean , sea , lake or another river . In some cases a river flows into the ground and becomes dry at the end of its course without reaching another body of water . Small rivers can be referred to using names such as stream , creek , brook , rivulet , and rill . There are no official definitions for the generic term river as applied to geographic features , although in some countries or communities a stream is defined by its size . Many names for small rivers are specific to geographic location ; examples are `` run '' in some parts of the United States , `` burn '' in Scotland and northeast England , and `` beck '' in northern England . Sometimes a river is defined as being larger than a creek , but not always : the language is vague .", 'flowing towards an ocean , sea , lake']
['leidsevaart', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'flowing towards an ocean , sea , lake', "A river is a natural flowing watercourse , usually freshwater , flowing towards an ocean , sea , lake or another river . In some cases a river flows into the ground and becomes dry at the end of its course without reaching another body of water . Small rivers can be referred to using names such as stream , creek , brook , rivulet , and rill . There are no official definitions for the generic term river as applied to geographic features , although in some countries or communities a stream is defined by its size . Many names for small rivers are specific to geographic location ; examples are `` run '' in some parts of the United States , `` burn '' in Scotland and northeast England , and `` beck '' in northern England . Sometimes a river is defined as being larger than a creek , but not always : the language is vague .", 'freshwater']
['leidsevaart', 'located', 'freshwater', "The Hague ( or `` < nowiki > ' < /nowiki > s-Gravenhage '' ) is a city located in the western coast of the Netherlands , and the capital city of the province of South Holland .", 'western coast of the Netherlands']
['leidsevaart', 'located', 'western coast of the netherlands', "The Hague ( or `` < nowiki > ' < /nowiki > s-Gravenhage '' ) is a city located in the western coast of the Netherlands , and the capital city of the province of South Holland .", 'The Hague']
['leidsevaart', 'municipality of', 'the hague', 'Noordwijk is a town and municipality in the west of the Netherlands , in the province of South Holland . The municipality covers an area of of which is water and had a population of in .', 'Netherlands , in the province of South Holland']
['leidsevaart', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'netherlands , in the province of south holland', 'Noordwijk is a town and municipality in the west of the Netherlands , in the province of South Holland . The municipality covers an area of of which is water and had a population of in .', 'water and had a population of in']
['leidsevaart', 'where is', 'water and had a population of in', 'Zoeterwoude is a municipality in the western Netherlands , in the province of South Holland . The municipality covers of which is water . It had a population of in .', 'Zoeterwoude is a municipality in the western Netherlands , in the province of South Holland']
['leidsevaart', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'zoeterwoude is a municipality in the western netherlands , in the province of south holland', 'Zoeterwoude is a municipality in the western Netherlands , in the province of South Holland . The municipality covers of which is water . It had a population of in .', 'water']
['leidsevaart', 'municipality of', 'water', 'Zoeterwoude is a municipality in the western Netherlands , in the province of South Holland . The municipality covers of which is water . It had a population of in .', 'Zoeterwoude is a municipality in the western Netherlands , in the province of South Holland']
['leidsevaart', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'zoeterwoude is a municipality in the western netherlands , in the province of south holland', 'Oegstgeest is a town and municipality in the province of South Holland in the western Netherlands . Its population was in .', 'Oegstgeest']
['kryovrysi', 'where is', 'kryovrysi', "Kryovrysi ( Greek : meaning `` cold spring '' , before 1928 : - Verveni ) is a mountain village and a community in the municipal unit of Lasiona , Elis , Greece . The community consists of the villages Kryovrysi and Kalyvia . It is situated in the southwestern foothills of Mount Erymanthos , at 960 m elevation . It is 4 km west of Agrampela , 5 km southeast of Kalentzi , 7 km north of Lampeia and 15 km northeast of Antroni . The source of the river Pineios is near Kryovrysi . Downstream from Kryovrysi , near the river bed of the Pineios , is the cave Drakotrypa ( also Diakotrypa ) .", 'southwestern foothills of Mount Erymanthos']
['kryovrysi', 'municipality of', 'kryovrysi', "Kryovrysi ( Greek : meaning `` cold spring '' , before 1928 : - Verveni ) is a mountain village and a community in the municipal unit of Lasiona , Elis , Greece . The community consists of the villages Kryovrysi and Kalyvia . It is situated in the southwestern foothills of Mount Erymanthos , at 960 m elevation . It is 4 km west of Agrampela , 5 km southeast of Kalentzi , 7 km north of Lampeia and 15 km northeast of Antroni . The source of the river Pineios is near Kryovrysi . Downstream from Kryovrysi , near the river bed of the Pineios , is the cave Drakotrypa ( also Diakotrypa ) .", 'municipal unit of Lasiona , Elis , Greece']
['kryovrysi', 'municipality of', 'municipal unit of lasiona , elis , greece', "Kalentzi is a village and a former community in Achaea , West Greece , Greece . Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Erymanthos , of which it is a municipal unit . The municipal unit has an area of 23.907 km . The municipal unit consists of the villages Kalentzi , Agios Georgios , Diaselo ( also known as `` Avrami '' ) and Bantzaiika . The population of the village was 71 in 2011 , and of the municipal unit 380 . It is renowned in Greece as the ancestral home of the Papandreou political dynasty . Kalentzi is situated on the northern slope of Mount Erymanthos , about 35 km south of Patras .", 'Erymanthos']
['kryovrysi', 'where is', 'erymanthos', "Erymanthos ( Latin : `` Erymanthus '' , also Olonos ( ) ) is a mountain range in the southern part of Achaea and the northeastern part of Elis . With an elevation of 2,224 meters , it is the fourth-tallest mountain in the Peloponnese peninsula . The summit is located on the boundary of Achaea and Elis . Historically , Mount Erymanthos was part of northwestern Arcadia , where it was the second-tallest mountain range . The northern portion belonged to the historic Achaea .", 'Achaea']
['kryovrysi', 'municipality of', 'achaea', "Erymanthos ( Latin : `` Erymanthus '' , also Olonos ( ) ) is a mountain range in the southern part of Achaea and the northeastern part of Elis . With an elevation of 2,224 meters , it is the fourth-tallest mountain in the Peloponnese peninsula . The summit is located on the boundary of Achaea and Elis . Historically , Mount Erymanthos was part of northwestern Arcadia , where it was the second-tallest mountain range . The northern portion belonged to the historic Achaea .", 'Elis']
['kryovrysi', 'located', 'elis', "Erymanthos ( Latin : `` Erymanthus '' , also Olonos ( ) ) is a mountain range in the southern part of Achaea and the northeastern part of Elis . With an elevation of 2,224 meters , it is the fourth-tallest mountain in the Peloponnese peninsula . The summit is located on the boundary of Achaea and Elis . Historically , Mount Erymanthos was part of northwestern Arcadia , where it was the second-tallest mountain range . The northern portion belonged to the historic Achaea .", 'Achaea and Elis']
['kryovrysi', 'where is', 'achaea and elis', "Erymanthos ( Latin : `` Erymanthus '' , also Olonos ( ) ) is a mountain range in the southern part of Achaea and the northeastern part of Elis . With an elevation of 2,224 meters , it is the fourth-tallest mountain in the Peloponnese peninsula . The summit is located on the boundary of Achaea and Elis . Historically , Mount Erymanthos was part of northwestern Arcadia , where it was the second-tallest mountain range . The northern portion belonged to the historic Achaea .", 'southern part of Achaea and the northeastern']
['kryovrysi', 'where is', 'southern part of achaea and the northeastern', "Erymanthos ( Latin : `` Erymanthus '' , also Olonos ( ) ) is a mountain range in the southern part of Achaea and the northeastern part of Elis . With an elevation of 2,224 meters , it is the fourth-tallest mountain in the Peloponnese peninsula . The summit is located on the boundary of Achaea and Elis . Historically , Mount Erymanthos was part of northwestern Arcadia , where it was the second-tallest mountain range . The northern portion belonged to the historic Achaea .", 'Elis']
['kryovrysi', 'where is', 'elis', "Erymanthos ( Latin : `` Erymanthus '' , also Olonos ( ) ) is a mountain range in the southern part of Achaea and the northeastern part of Elis . With an elevation of 2,224 meters , it is the fourth-tallest mountain in the Peloponnese peninsula . The summit is located on the boundary of Achaea and Elis . Historically , Mount Erymanthos was part of northwestern Arcadia , where it was the second-tallest mountain range . The northern portion belonged to the historic Achaea .", 'Achaea']
['kryovrysi', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'achaea', "Erymanthos ( Latin : `` Erymanthus '' , also Olonos ( ) ) is a mountain range in the southern part of Achaea and the northeastern part of Elis . With an elevation of 2,224 meters , it is the fourth-tallest mountain in the Peloponnese peninsula . The summit is located on the boundary of Achaea and Elis . Historically , Mount Erymanthos was part of northwestern Arcadia , where it was the second-tallest mountain range . The northern portion belonged to the historic Achaea .", 'mountain']
['kryovrysi', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'mountain', 'A mountain range ( also mountain barrier , belt , or system ) is a geographic area containing numerous geologically related mountains . A mountain system or system of mountain ranges , sometimes is used to combine several geological features that are geographically ( regionally ) related . On Earth , most significant mountain ranges are the result of plate tectonics , though mountain ranges are formed by a range of processes , are found on many planetary mass objects in the Solar System and are likely a feature of most terrestrial planets .', 'geologically related mountains . A mountain system or system of mountain ranges']
['kryovrysi', 'located', 'geologically related mountains . a mountain system or system of mountain ranges', 'A mountain range ( also mountain barrier , belt , or system ) is a geographic area containing numerous geologically related mountains . A mountain system or system of mountain ranges , sometimes is used to combine several geological features that are geographically ( regionally ) related . On Earth , most significant mountain ranges are the result of plate tectonics , though mountain ranges are formed by a range of processes , are found on many planetary mass objects in the Solar System and are likely a feature of most terrestrial planets .', 'mountain range']
['kryovrysi', 'located', 'mountain range', "Erymanthos ( Latin : `` Erymanthus '' , also Olonos ( ) ) is a mountain range in the southern part of Achaea and the northeastern part of Elis . With an elevation of 2,224 meters , it is the fourth-tallest mountain in the Peloponnese peninsula . The summit is located on the boundary of Achaea and Elis . Historically , Mount Erymanthos was part of northwestern Arcadia , where it was the second-tallest mountain range . The northern portion belonged to the historic Achaea .", 'southern part of Achaea']
['kryovrysi', 'where is', 'southern part of achaea', "Erymanthos ( Latin : `` Erymanthus '' , also Olonos ( ) ) is a mountain range in the southern part of Achaea and the northeastern part of Elis . With an elevation of 2,224 meters , it is the fourth-tallest mountain in the Peloponnese peninsula . The summit is located on the boundary of Achaea and Elis . Historically , Mount Erymanthos was part of northwestern Arcadia , where it was the second-tallest mountain range . The northern portion belonged to the historic Achaea .", 'Elis']
['kryovrysi', 'municipality of', 'elis', "Lampeia ( Greek : , before 1928 : - `` Divri '' , between 1928 and 1929 : - `` Prinofyton '' ) is a mountain village , a community and a former municipality in Elis , West Greece , Greece . Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Archaia Olympia , of which it is a municipal unit . The municipal unit has an area of 72.447 km . In 2011 the population of the village was 468 , and of the community , which includes the village Amygdali , 529 .", 'Greece']
['kryovrysi', 'municipality of', 'greece', "Lampeia ( Greek : , before 1928 : - `` Divri '' , between 1928 and 1929 : - `` Prinofyton '' ) is a mountain village , a community and a former municipality in Elis , West Greece , Greece . Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Archaia Olympia , of which it is a municipal unit . The municipal unit has an area of 72.447 km . In 2011 the population of the village was 468 , and of the community , which includes the village Amygdali , 529 .", 'West Greece']
['kryovrysi', 'where is', 'west greece', "Achaea or Achaia , sometimes transliterated from Greek as Akhaïa ( `` Achaïa '' ) , is one of the regional units of Greece . It is part of the region of West Greece and is situated in the northwestern part of the Peloponnese peninsula . The capital is Patras . Since 2001 , the population has exceeded 300,000 .", 'Peloponnese peninsula']
['kryovrysi', 'municipality of', 'peloponnese peninsula', "Arcadia ( `` Arkadía '' ) is one of the regional units of Greece . It is part of the administrative region of Peloponnese . It is situated in the central and eastern part of the Peloponnese peninsula . It takes its name from the mythological character Arcas . In Greek mythology , it was the home of the god Pan . In European Renaissance arts , Arcadia was celebrated as an unspoiled , harmonious wilderness .", 'Peloponnese']
['kryovrysi', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'peloponnese', "Arcadia ( `` Arkadía '' ) is one of the regional units of Greece . It is part of the administrative region of Peloponnese . It is situated in the central and eastern part of the Peloponnese peninsula . It takes its name from the mythological character Arcas . In Greek mythology , it was the home of the god Pan . In European Renaissance arts , Arcadia was celebrated as an unspoiled , harmonious wilderness .", 'mythological']
['kryovrysi', 'municipality of', 'mythological', "Lampeia ( Greek : , before 1928 : - `` Divri '' , between 1928 and 1929 : - `` Prinofyton '' ) is a mountain village , a community and a former municipality in Elis , West Greece , Greece . Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Archaia Olympia , of which it is a municipal unit . The municipal unit has an area of 72.447 km . In 2011 the population of the village was 468 , and of the community , which includes the village Amygdali , 529 .", 'Elis , West Greece , Greece']
['kryovrysi', 'located', 'elis , west greece , greece', "Foloi ( Latin : `` Pholoe '' ) is a village and a former municipality in Elis , West Greece , Greece . Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Archaia Olympia , of which it is a municipal unit . The municipal unit has an area of 174.202 km . The seat of the municipality was in the village Lalas , in the southern part of the municipal unit . The village Foloi is situated in the northwestern part . Foloi is situated in a mountainous , sparsely populated area . The Foloi oak forest is located in the municipal unit . Foloi is located about 15 km northeast of Olympia , 30 km east of Pyrgos and 55 km south of Patras . It borders on Arcadia to the east , across the river Erymanthus .", 'Foloi']
['kryovrysi', 'municipality of', 'foloi', "Foloi ( Latin : `` Pholoe '' ) is a village and a former municipality in Elis , West Greece , Greece . Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Archaia Olympia , of which it is a municipal unit . The municipal unit has an area of 174.202 km . The seat of the municipality was in the village Lalas , in the southern part of the municipal unit . The village Foloi is situated in the northwestern part . Foloi is situated in a mountainous , sparsely populated area . The Foloi oak forest is located in the municipal unit . Foloi is located about 15 km northeast of Olympia , 30 km east of Pyrgos and 55 km south of Patras . It borders on Arcadia to the east , across the river Erymanthus .", 'Elis , West Greece , Greece']
['kryovrysi', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'elis , west greece , greece', "Patras ( , Classical Greek and Katharevousa : , ) is Greece 's third-largest city and the regional capital of Western Greece , in the northern Peloponnese , west of Athens . The city is built at the foothills of Mount Panachaikon , overlooking the Gulf of Patras .", 'third-largest city and the regional capital of Western']
['kryovrysi', 'where is', 'third-largest city and the regional capital of western', "Patras ( , Classical Greek and Katharevousa : , ) is Greece 's third-largest city and the regional capital of Western Greece , in the northern Peloponnese , west of Athens . The city is built at the foothills of Mount Panachaikon , overlooking the Gulf of Patras .", 'Patras ( , Classical Greek and Katharevousa : , ) is Greece']
['kryovrysi', 'located', 'patras ( , classical greek and katharevousa : , ) is greece', "Patras ( , Classical Greek and Katharevousa : , ) is Greece 's third-largest city and the regional capital of Western Greece , in the northern Peloponnese , west of Athens . The city is built at the foothills of Mount Panachaikon , overlooking the Gulf of Patras .", 'Patras']
['kryovrysi', 'where is', 'patras', "Patras ( , Classical Greek and Katharevousa : , ) is Greece 's third-largest city and the regional capital of Western Greece , in the northern Peloponnese , west of Athens . The city is built at the foothills of Mount Panachaikon , overlooking the Gulf of Patras .", "Greece 's third-largest city"]
['longay', 'where is', 'longay', 'Longay ( Scottish Gaelic : Longaigh is a small uninhabited Scottish island in the Inner Sound just off the coast of the Isle of Skye , north of Pabay and east of Scalpay . In 1971 , the MacBraynes mailboat Loch Seaforth ran aground on the island , sustaining only minimal damage .', 'in the Inner Sound']
['longay', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'longay', 'Longay ( Scottish Gaelic : Longaigh is a small uninhabited Scottish island in the Inner Sound just off the coast of the Isle of Skye , north of Pabay and east of Scalpay . In 1971 , the MacBraynes mailboat Loch Seaforth ran aground on the island , sustaining only minimal damage .', 'Scottish Gaelic']
['longay', 'located', 'scottish gaelic', 'Longay ( Scottish Gaelic : Longaigh is a small uninhabited Scottish island in the Inner Sound just off the coast of the Isle of Skye , north of Pabay and east of Scalpay . In 1971 , the MacBraynes mailboat Loch Seaforth ran aground on the island , sustaining only minimal damage .', 'Longaigh']
['longay', 'municipality of', 'longaigh', 'Longay ( Scottish Gaelic : Longaigh is a small uninhabited Scottish island in the Inner Sound just off the coast of the Isle of Skye , north of Pabay and east of Scalpay . In 1971 , the MacBraynes mailboat Loch Seaforth ran aground on the island , sustaining only minimal damage .', 'Scottish']
['longay', 'municipality of', 'scottish', 'Pabay is a Scottish island just off the coast of the Skye .', 'Skye']
['longay', 'located', 'skye', 'Pabay is a Scottish island just off the coast of the Skye .', 'Pabay']
['longay', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'pabay', 'Pabay is a Scottish island just off the coast of the Skye .', 'Scottish']
['longay', 'located', 'scottish', 'Pabay is a Scottish island just off the coast of the Skye .', 'Pabay is a Scottish island just off the coast of the Skye']
['longay', 'municipality of', 'pabay is a scottish island just off the coast of the skye', 'Pabay is a Scottish island just off the coast of the Skye .', 'Scottish island just off the coast']
['longay', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'scottish island just off the coast', 'Pabay is a Scottish island just off the coast of the Skye .', 'Pabay']
['longay', 'located', 'pabay', 'Pabay is a Scottish island just off the coast of the Skye .', 'Skye']
['longay', 'located', 'skye', "Skye , or the Isle of Skye ( or `` Eilean a ' Cheò '' ) , is the largest and northernmost of the major islands in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland . The island 's peninsulas radiate from a mountainous centre dominated by the Cuillins , the rocky slopes of which provide some of the most dramatic mountain scenery in the country . Although it has been suggested that the Gaelic `` Sgitheanach '' describes a winged shape there is no definitive agreement as to the name 's origins .", 'Inner Hebrides of Scotland']
['longay', 'municipality of', 'inner hebrides of scotland', "Skye , or the Isle of Skye ( or `` Eilean a ' Cheò '' ) , is the largest and northernmost of the major islands in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland . The island 's peninsulas radiate from a mountainous centre dominated by the Cuillins , the rocky slopes of which provide some of the most dramatic mountain scenery in the country . Although it has been suggested that the Gaelic `` Sgitheanach '' describes a winged shape there is no definitive agreement as to the name 's origins .", 'Skye']
['longay', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'skye', 'Pabay is a Scottish island just off the coast of the Skye .', 'Pabay is a Scottish']
['longay', 'located', 'pabay is a scottish', 'Pabay is a Scottish island just off the coast of the Skye .', 'Skye']
['longay', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'skye', "Skye , or the Isle of Skye ( or `` Eilean a ' Cheò '' ) , is the largest and northernmost of the major islands in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland . The island 's peninsulas radiate from a mountainous centre dominated by the Cuillins , the rocky slopes of which provide some of the most dramatic mountain scenery in the country . Although it has been suggested that the Gaelic `` Sgitheanach '' describes a winged shape there is no definitive agreement as to the name 's origins .", 'rocky slopes']
['longay', 'located', 'rocky slopes', "Skye , or the Isle of Skye ( or `` Eilean a ' Cheò '' ) , is the largest and northernmost of the major islands in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland . The island 's peninsulas radiate from a mountainous centre dominated by the Cuillins , the rocky slopes of which provide some of the most dramatic mountain scenery in the country . Although it has been suggested that the Gaelic `` Sgitheanach '' describes a winged shape there is no definitive agreement as to the name 's origins .", 'the Cuillins']
['longay', 'where is', 'the cuillins', "Skye , or the Isle of Skye ( or `` Eilean a ' Cheò '' ) , is the largest and northernmost of the major islands in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland . The island 's peninsulas radiate from a mountainous centre dominated by the Cuillins , the rocky slopes of which provide some of the most dramatic mountain scenery in the country . Although it has been suggested that the Gaelic `` Sgitheanach '' describes a winged shape there is no definitive agreement as to the name 's origins .", 'rocky slopes']
['longay', 'located', 'rocky slopes', 'Lake Island is an island on the coast of the Canadian province of British Columbia . It is located between Mathieson Channel and Lady Trutch Passage , and is flanked by Dowager Island ( to the northwest ) , Lady Douglas Island ( to the west ) , and a long finger shaped peninsula of the Canadian mainland to the east . Ironically , Lake Island is not a lake island , as it is in an inlet of the Pacific Ocean , and lies only some 6 kilometres from the open sea .', 'Mathieson Channel and Lady Trutch Passage']
['longay', 'municipality of', 'mathieson channel and lady trutch passage', 'Lake Island is an island on the coast of the Canadian province of British Columbia . It is located between Mathieson Channel and Lady Trutch Passage , and is flanked by Dowager Island ( to the northwest ) , Lady Douglas Island ( to the west ) , and a long finger shaped peninsula of the Canadian mainland to the east . Ironically , Lake Island is not a lake island , as it is in an inlet of the Pacific Ocean , and lies only some 6 kilometres from the open sea .', 'Lake Island']
['longay', 'municipality of', 'lake island', 'Lake Island is an island on the coast of the Canadian province of British Columbia . It is located between Mathieson Channel and Lady Trutch Passage , and is flanked by Dowager Island ( to the northwest ) , Lady Douglas Island ( to the west ) , and a long finger shaped peninsula of the Canadian mainland to the east . Ironically , Lake Island is not a lake island , as it is in an inlet of the Pacific Ocean , and lies only some 6 kilometres from the open sea .', 'British Columbia']
['longay', 'located', 'british columbia', 'Lake Island is an island on the coast of the Canadian province of British Columbia . It is located between Mathieson Channel and Lady Trutch Passage , and is flanked by Dowager Island ( to the northwest ) , Lady Douglas Island ( to the west ) , and a long finger shaped peninsula of the Canadian mainland to the east . Ironically , Lake Island is not a lake island , as it is in an inlet of the Pacific Ocean , and lies only some 6 kilometres from the open sea .', 'Mathieson Channel and Lady Trutch Passage']
['longay', 'located', 'mathieson channel and lady trutch passage', 'Lake Island is an island on the coast of the Canadian province of British Columbia . It is located between Mathieson Channel and Lady Trutch Passage , and is flanked by Dowager Island ( to the northwest ) , Lady Douglas Island ( to the west ) , and a long finger shaped peninsula of the Canadian mainland to the east . Ironically , Lake Island is not a lake island , as it is in an inlet of the Pacific Ocean , and lies only some 6 kilometres from the open sea .', 'Lake Island']
['longay', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'lake island', 'Lake Island is an island on the coast of the Canadian province of British Columbia . It is located between Mathieson Channel and Lady Trutch Passage , and is flanked by Dowager Island ( to the northwest ) , Lady Douglas Island ( to the west ) , and a long finger shaped peninsula of the Canadian mainland to the east . Ironically , Lake Island is not a lake island , as it is in an inlet of the Pacific Ocean , and lies only some 6 kilometres from the open sea .', 'lake island']
['longay', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'lake island', 'An island or isle is any piece of sub-continental land that is surrounded by water . Very small islands such as emergent land features on atolls can be called islets , skerries , cays or keys . An island in a river or a lake island may be called an eyot or ait , and a small island off the coast may be called a holm . A grouping of geographically or geologically related islands is called an archipelago , e.g . the Philippines .', 'eyot or ait']
['longay', 'where is', 'eyot or ait', 'An island or isle is any piece of sub-continental land that is surrounded by water . Very small islands such as emergent land features on atolls can be called islets , skerries , cays or keys . An island in a river or a lake island may be called an eyot or ait , and a small island off the coast may be called a holm . A grouping of geographically or geologically related islands is called an archipelago , e.g . the Philippines .', 'lake island']
['all saints notting hill', 'where is', 'all saints notting hill', 'Notting Hill is an affluent district in West London , located north of Kensington within the Royal Borough of Kensington & Chelsea as well as Westminster . Notting Hill is known for being a cosmopolitan neighbourhood , hosting the annual Notting Hill Carnival and Portobello Road Market .', 'West London']
['all saints notting hill', 'located', 'all saints notting hill', 'Notting Hill is an affluent district in West London , located north of Kensington within the Royal Borough of Kensington & Chelsea as well as Westminster . Notting Hill is known for being a cosmopolitan neighbourhood , hosting the annual Notting Hill Carnival and Portobello Road Market .', 'Westminster']
['all saints notting hill', 'municipality of', 'westminster', 'Notting Hill is an affluent district in West London , located north of Kensington within the Royal Borough of Kensington & Chelsea as well as Westminster . Notting Hill is known for being a cosmopolitan neighbourhood , hosting the annual Notting Hill Carnival and Portobello Road Market .', 'Notting Hill is an affluent district in West London']
['all saints notting hill', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'notting hill is an affluent district in west london', 'Notting Hill is an affluent district in West London , located north of Kensington within the Royal Borough of Kensington & Chelsea as well as Westminster . Notting Hill is known for being a cosmopolitan neighbourhood , hosting the annual Notting Hill Carnival and Portobello Road Market .', 'cosmopolitan']
['all saints notting hill', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'cosmopolitan', 'Notting Hill is an affluent district in West London , located north of Kensington within the Royal Borough of Kensington & Chelsea as well as Westminster . Notting Hill is known for being a cosmopolitan neighbourhood , hosting the annual Notting Hill Carnival and Portobello Road Market .', 'Notting Hill']
['all saints notting hill', 'located', 'notting hill', 'Notting Hill is an affluent district in West London , located north of Kensington within the Royal Borough of Kensington & Chelsea as well as Westminster . Notting Hill is known for being a cosmopolitan neighbourhood , hosting the annual Notting Hill Carnival and Portobello Road Market .', 'Notting Hill is an affluent district in West London , located north of Kensington']
['all saints notting hill', 'municipality of', 'notting hill is an affluent district in west london , located north of kensington', 'Notting Hill is an affluent district in West London , located north of Kensington within the Royal Borough of Kensington & Chelsea as well as Westminster . Notting Hill is known for being a cosmopolitan neighbourhood , hosting the annual Notting Hill Carnival and Portobello Road Market .', 'Royal Borough of Kensington & Chelsea']
['all saints notting hill', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'royal borough of kensington & chelsea', 'Notting Hill is an affluent district in West London , located north of Kensington within the Royal Borough of Kensington & Chelsea as well as Westminster . Notting Hill is known for being a cosmopolitan neighbourhood , hosting the annual Notting Hill Carnival and Portobello Road Market .', 'north']
['all saints notting hill', 'located', 'north', 'Notting Hill is an affluent district in West London , located north of Kensington within the Royal Borough of Kensington & Chelsea as well as Westminster . Notting Hill is known for being a cosmopolitan neighbourhood , hosting the annual Notting Hill Carnival and Portobello Road Market .', 'Notting Hill']
['all saints notting hill', 'municipality of', 'notting hill', 'Notting Hill is an affluent district in West London , located north of Kensington within the Royal Borough of Kensington & Chelsea as well as Westminster . Notting Hill is known for being a cosmopolitan neighbourhood , hosting the annual Notting Hill Carnival and Portobello Road Market .', 'West London']
['all saints notting hill', 'located', 'west london', 'Kent is a county in South East England and one of the home counties . It borders Greater London to the north west , Surrey to the west , East Sussex to the south west , and Essex across the Thames Estuary to the north . The county town is Maidstone .', 'Surrey']
['all saints notting hill', 'where is', 'surrey', 'Surrey is a county in the south east of England and also one of the home counties bordering Greater London . Surrey shares borders with Kent to the east , East Sussex to the south-east , West Sussex to the south , Hampshire to the west and south-west and Berkshire to the north-west . The county town is Guildford . Surrey County Council sits extraterritorially at Kingston upon Thames , administered as part of Greater London since 1965 . With a resident population of 1.1 million , Surrey is the most densely populated and third most populated county in the South East region , after Kent and Hampshire .', 'south east of England']
['all saints notting hill', 'where is', 'south east of england', 'Surrey is a county in the south east of England and also one of the home counties bordering Greater London . Surrey shares borders with Kent to the east , East Sussex to the south-east , West Sussex to the south , Hampshire to the west and south-west and Berkshire to the north-west . The county town is Guildford . Surrey County Council sits extraterritorially at Kingston upon Thames , administered as part of Greater London since 1965 . With a resident population of 1.1 million , Surrey is the most densely populated and third most populated county in the South East region , after Kent and Hampshire .', 'Kent to the east , East Sussex']
['all saints notting hill', 'municipality of', 'kent to the east , east sussex', 'Surrey is a county in the south east of England and also one of the home counties bordering Greater London . Surrey shares borders with Kent to the east , East Sussex to the south-east , West Sussex to the south , Hampshire to the west and south-west and Berkshire to the north-west . The county town is Guildford . Surrey County Council sits extraterritorially at Kingston upon Thames , administered as part of Greater London since 1965 . With a resident population of 1.1 million , Surrey is the most densely populated and third most populated county in the South East region , after Kent and Hampshire .', 'West Sussex']
['all saints notting hill', 'where is', 'west sussex', 'Kent is a county in South East England and one of the home counties . It borders Greater London to the north west , Surrey to the west , East Sussex to the south west , and Essex across the Thames Estuary to the north . The county town is Maidstone .', 'south west']
['all saints notting hill', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'south west', 'Kent is a county in South East England and one of the home counties . It borders Greater London to the north west , Surrey to the west , East Sussex to the south west , and Essex across the Thames Estuary to the north . The county town is Maidstone .', 'north west']
['all saints notting hill', 'where is', 'north west', 'Kent is a county in South East England and one of the home counties . It borders Greater London to the north west , Surrey to the west , East Sussex to the south west , and Essex across the Thames Estuary to the north . The county town is Maidstone .', 'Greater London']
['all saints notting hill', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'greater london', "The City of London is a city and county within London . It constituted most of London from its settlement by the Romans in the 1st century AD to the Middle Ages , but the agglomeration has since grown far beyond the City 's borders . The City is now only a tiny part of the metropolis of London , though it remains a notable part of central London . Administratively , it forms one of the 33 local authority districts of Greater London ; however , the City of London is not a London borough , a status reserved for the other 32 districts ( including London 's only other city , the City of Westminster ) .", 'one of the 33 local authority districts']
['all saints notting hill', 'municipality of', 'one of the 33 local authority districts', "The City of London is a city and county within London . It constituted most of London from its settlement by the Romans in the 1st century AD to the Middle Ages , but the agglomeration has since grown far beyond the City 's borders . The City is now only a tiny part of the metropolis of London , though it remains a notable part of central London . Administratively , it forms one of the 33 local authority districts of Greater London ; however , the City of London is not a London borough , a status reserved for the other 32 districts ( including London 's only other city , the City of Westminster ) .", 'Greater London']
['all saints notting hill', 'located', 'greater london', "The City of London is a city and county within London . It constituted most of London from its settlement by the Romans in the 1st century AD to the Middle Ages , but the agglomeration has since grown far beyond the City 's borders . The City is now only a tiny part of the metropolis of London , though it remains a notable part of central London . Administratively , it forms one of the 33 local authority districts of Greater London ; however , the City of London is not a London borough , a status reserved for the other 32 districts ( including London 's only other city , the City of Westminster ) .", 'Romans']
['all saints notting hill', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'romans', "The City of London is a city and county within London . It constituted most of London from its settlement by the Romans in the 1st century AD to the Middle Ages , but the agglomeration has since grown far beyond the City 's borders . The City is now only a tiny part of the metropolis of London , though it remains a notable part of central London . Administratively , it forms one of the 33 local authority districts of Greater London ; however , the City of London is not a London borough , a status reserved for the other 32 districts ( including London 's only other city , the City of Westminster ) .", "agglomeration has since grown far beyond the City 's borders"]
['all saints notting hill', 'where is', "agglomeration has since grown far beyond the city 's borders", "The City of London is a city and county within London . It constituted most of London from its settlement by the Romans in the 1st century AD to the Middle Ages , but the agglomeration has since grown far beyond the City 's borders . The City is now only a tiny part of the metropolis of London , though it remains a notable part of central London . Administratively , it forms one of the 33 local authority districts of Greater London ; however , the City of London is not a London borough , a status reserved for the other 32 districts ( including London 's only other city , the City of Westminster ) .", 'The City of London']
['all saints notting hill', 'where is', 'the city of london', "The City of London is a city and county within London . It constituted most of London from its settlement by the Romans in the 1st century AD to the Middle Ages , but the agglomeration has since grown far beyond the City 's borders . The City is now only a tiny part of the metropolis of London , though it remains a notable part of central London . Administratively , it forms one of the 33 local authority districts of Greater London ; however , the City of London is not a London borough , a status reserved for the other 32 districts ( including London 's only other city , the City of Westminster ) .", 'London']
['all saints notting hill', 'located', 'london', "The City of London is a city and county within London . It constituted most of London from its settlement by the Romans in the 1st century AD to the Middle Ages , but the agglomeration has since grown far beyond the City 's borders . The City is now only a tiny part of the metropolis of London , though it remains a notable part of central London . Administratively , it forms one of the 33 local authority districts of Greater London ; however , the City of London is not a London borough , a status reserved for the other 32 districts ( including London 's only other city , the City of Westminster ) .", 'Romans']
['all saints notting hill', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'romans', 'Carnival ( see other spellings and names ) is a Western Christian festive season that occurs before the liturgical season of Lent . The main events typically occur during February or early March , during the period historically known as Shrovetide ( or Pre-Lent ) . Carnival typically involves a public celebration and/or parade combining some elements of a circus , masks , and a public street party . People wear masks and costumes during many such celebrations , allowing them to lose their everyday individuality and experience a heightened sense of social unity . Excessive consumption of alcohol , meat , and other foods proscribed during Lent is extremely common . Other common features of carnival include mock battles such as food fights ; social satire and mockery of authorities ; the grotesque body displaying exaggerated features , especially large noses , bellies , mouths , and phalli , or elements of animal bodies ; abusive language and degrading acts ; depictions of disease and gleeful death ; and a general reversal of everyday rules and norms .', 'People wear masks and costumes']
['all saints notting hill', 'municipality of', 'people wear masks and costumes', 'Carnival ( see other spellings and names ) is a Western Christian festive season that occurs before the liturgical season of Lent . The main events typically occur during February or early March , during the period historically known as Shrovetide ( or Pre-Lent ) . Carnival typically involves a public celebration and/or parade combining some elements of a circus , masks , and a public street party . People wear masks and costumes during many such celebrations , allowing them to lose their everyday individuality and experience a heightened sense of social unity . Excessive consumption of alcohol , meat , and other foods proscribed during Lent is extremely common . Other common features of carnival include mock battles such as food fights ; social satire and mockery of authorities ; the grotesque body displaying exaggerated features , especially large noses , bellies , mouths , and phalli , or elements of animal bodies ; abusive language and degrading acts ; depictions of disease and gleeful death ; and a general reversal of everyday rules and norms .', 'People']
['pigeon key', 'where is', 'pigeon key', "Pigeon Key is a small island containing the historic district of Pigeon Key , Florida . The island is home to 8 buildings on the National Register of Historic Places , some of which remain from its earliest incarnation as a work camp for the Florida East Coast Railway . Today these buildings serve a variety of purposes , ranging from housing for educational groups to administrative offices for the non-profit Pigeon Key Foundation . The former Assistant Bridge Tender 's House has been converted into a small museum featuring artifacts and images from Pigeon Key 's colorful past . It is located off the old Seven Mile Bridge , at approximately mile marker 45 , west of Knight 's Key , ( city of Marathon in the middle Florida Keys ) and just east of Moser Channel , which is the deepest section of the span .", 'Florida']
['pigeon key', 'municipality of', 'pigeon key', "Pigeon Key is a small island containing the historic district of Pigeon Key , Florida . The island is home to 8 buildings on the National Register of Historic Places , some of which remain from its earliest incarnation as a work camp for the Florida East Coast Railway . Today these buildings serve a variety of purposes , ranging from housing for educational groups to administrative offices for the non-profit Pigeon Key Foundation . The former Assistant Bridge Tender 's House has been converted into a small museum featuring artifacts and images from Pigeon Key 's colorful past . It is located off the old Seven Mile Bridge , at approximately mile marker 45 , west of Knight 's Key , ( city of Marathon in the middle Florida Keys ) and just east of Moser Channel , which is the deepest section of the span .", 'Florida']
['pigeon key', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'florida', 'Florida Bay is the bay located between the southern end of the Florida mainland ( the Florida Everglades ) and the Florida Keys in the United States . Encompassing roughly one-third of Everglades National Park , its area is variously stated to be , or , or . Nearly all of Florida Bay is included in Everglades National Park . The southern edge , along the Florida Keys is in the Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary . The bay muds of portions of Florida Bay have been cored to develop insights on the paleontology of previous biota . It has basins with banks in between which are great fishing grounds . The fish caught there are mangrove snapper , mackerel , and various others .', 'banks']
['pigeon key', 'municipality of', 'banks', "Miami is a seaport city at the southeastern corner of the U.S . state of Florida and its Atlantic coast . As the seat of Miami-Dade County , the municipality is the principal , central , and most populous of its metropolitan area and part of the second-most populous metropolis in the southeastern United States . According to the U.S . Census Bureau , Miami 's metro area is the eighth-most populous and fourth-largest urban area in the U.S . , with a population of around 5.5 million .", 'Miami']
['pigeon key', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'miami', "Miami is a seaport city at the southeastern corner of the U.S . state of Florida and its Atlantic coast . As the seat of Miami-Dade County , the municipality is the principal , central , and most populous of its metropolitan area and part of the second-most populous metropolis in the southeastern United States . According to the U.S . Census Bureau , Miami 's metro area is the eighth-most populous and fourth-largest urban area in the U.S . , with a population of around 5.5 million .", 'principal , central , and most populous of its metropolitan area']
['pigeon key', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'principal , central , and most populous of its metropolitan area', "Miami is a seaport city at the southeastern corner of the U.S . state of Florida and its Atlantic coast . As the seat of Miami-Dade County , the municipality is the principal , central , and most populous of its metropolitan area and part of the second-most populous metropolis in the southeastern United States . According to the U.S . Census Bureau , Miami 's metro area is the eighth-most populous and fourth-largest urban area in the U.S . , with a population of around 5.5 million .", 'Miami-Dade County ,']
['pigeon key', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'miami-dade county ,', "Miami is a seaport city at the southeastern corner of the U.S . state of Florida and its Atlantic coast . As the seat of Miami-Dade County , the municipality is the principal , central , and most populous of its metropolitan area and part of the second-most populous metropolis in the southeastern United States . According to the U.S . Census Bureau , Miami 's metro area is the eighth-most populous and fourth-largest urban area in the U.S . , with a population of around 5.5 million .", 'principal , central']
['pigeon key', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'principal , central', "Miami is a seaport city at the southeastern corner of the U.S . state of Florida and its Atlantic coast . As the seat of Miami-Dade County , the municipality is the principal , central , and most populous of its metropolitan area and part of the second-most populous metropolis in the southeastern United States . According to the U.S . Census Bureau , Miami 's metro area is the eighth-most populous and fourth-largest urban area in the U.S . , with a population of around 5.5 million .", 'Miami-Dade County ,']
['pigeon key', 'municipality of', 'miami-dade county ,', "Miami is a seaport city at the southeastern corner of the U.S . state of Florida and its Atlantic coast . As the seat of Miami-Dade County , the municipality is the principal , central , and most populous of its metropolitan area and part of the second-most populous metropolis in the southeastern United States . According to the U.S . Census Bureau , Miami 's metro area is the eighth-most populous and fourth-largest urban area in the U.S . , with a population of around 5.5 million .", 'Miami-Dade County , the municipality is the principal , central']
['pigeon key', 'located', 'miami-dade county , the municipality is the principal , central', "Miami is a seaport city at the southeastern corner of the U.S . state of Florida and its Atlantic coast . As the seat of Miami-Dade County , the municipality is the principal , central , and most populous of its metropolitan area and part of the second-most populous metropolis in the southeastern United States . According to the U.S . Census Bureau , Miami 's metro area is the eighth-most populous and fourth-largest urban area in the U.S . , with a population of around 5.5 million .", 'Miami-Dade County']
['pigeon key', 'municipality of', 'miami-dade county', "Miami is a seaport city at the southeastern corner of the U.S . state of Florida and its Atlantic coast . As the seat of Miami-Dade County , the municipality is the principal , central , and most populous of its metropolitan area and part of the second-most populous metropolis in the southeastern United States . According to the U.S . Census Bureau , Miami 's metro area is the eighth-most populous and fourth-largest urban area in the U.S . , with a population of around 5.5 million .", 'Miami-Dade County , the municipality is the principal , central']
['pigeon key', 'municipality of', 'miami-dade county , the municipality is the principal , central', "Miami is a seaport city at the southeastern corner of the U.S . state of Florida and its Atlantic coast . As the seat of Miami-Dade County , the municipality is the principal , central , and most populous of its metropolitan area and part of the second-most populous metropolis in the southeastern United States . According to the U.S . Census Bureau , Miami 's metro area is the eighth-most populous and fourth-largest urban area in the U.S . , with a population of around 5.5 million .", 'Miami-Dade']
['pigeon key', 'municipality of', 'miami-dade', "Miami is a seaport city at the southeastern corner of the U.S . state of Florida and its Atlantic coast . As the seat of Miami-Dade County , the municipality is the principal , central , and most populous of its metropolitan area and part of the second-most populous metropolis in the southeastern United States . According to the U.S . Census Bureau , Miami 's metro area is the eighth-most populous and fourth-largest urban area in the U.S . , with a population of around 5.5 million .", 'Miami-Dade County']
['pigeon key', 'located', 'miami-dade county', "Miami is a seaport city at the southeastern corner of the U.S . state of Florida and its Atlantic coast . As the seat of Miami-Dade County , the municipality is the principal , central , and most populous of its metropolitan area and part of the second-most populous metropolis in the southeastern United States . According to the U.S . Census Bureau , Miami 's metro area is the eighth-most populous and fourth-largest urban area in the U.S . , with a population of around 5.5 million .", 'Miami-Dade County']
['pigeon key', 'located', 'miami-dade county', 'The Dry Tortugas are a small group of islands , located in the Gulf of Mexico at the end of the Florida Keys , United States , about west of Key West , and west of the Marquesas Keys , the closest islands . Still further west is the Tortugas Bank , which is submerged . The first Europeans to discover the islands were the Spanish in 1513 , led by explorer Juan Ponce de León . They are an unincorporated area of Monroe County , Florida , and belong to the Lower Keys Census County Division . With their surrounding waters , they constitute the Dry Tortugas National Park .', 'Monroe']
['pigeon key', 'municipality of', 'monroe', "Miami is a seaport city at the southeastern corner of the U.S . state of Florida and its Atlantic coast . As the seat of Miami-Dade County , the municipality is the principal , central , and most populous of its metropolitan area and part of the second-most populous metropolis in the southeastern United States . According to the U.S . Census Bureau , Miami 's metro area is the eighth-most populous and fourth-largest urban area in the U.S . , with a population of around 5.5 million .", 'Miami']
['pigeon key', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'miami', 'The Florida Keys are a coral cay archipelago located off the southern coast of Florida , forming the southernmost portion of the continental United States . They begin at the southeastern coast of the Florida peninsula , about south of Miami , and extend in a gentle arc south-southwest and then westward to Key West , the westernmost of the inhabited islands , and on to the uninhabited Dry Tortugas . The islands lie along the Florida Straits , dividing the Atlantic Ocean to the east from the Gulf of Mexico to the northwest , and defining one edge of Florida Bay . At the nearest point , the southern part of Key West is just from Cuba . The Florida Keys are between about 23.5 and 25.5 degrees North latitude .', 'south']
['pigeon key', 'located', 'south', 'The Florida Keys are a coral cay archipelago located off the southern coast of Florida , forming the southernmost portion of the continental United States . They begin at the southeastern coast of the Florida peninsula , about south of Miami , and extend in a gentle arc south-southwest and then westward to Key West , the westernmost of the inhabited islands , and on to the uninhabited Dry Tortugas . The islands lie along the Florida Straits , dividing the Atlantic Ocean to the east from the Gulf of Mexico to the northwest , and defining one edge of Florida Bay . At the nearest point , the southern part of Key West is just from Cuba . The Florida Keys are between about 23.5 and 25.5 degrees North latitude .', 'Miami']
['pigeon key', 'located', 'miami', "Miami is a seaport city at the southeastern corner of the U.S . state of Florida and its Atlantic coast . As the seat of Miami-Dade County , the municipality is the principal , central , and most populous of its metropolitan area and part of the second-most populous metropolis in the southeastern United States . According to the U.S . Census Bureau , Miami 's metro area is the eighth-most populous and fourth-largest urban area in the U.S . , with a population of around 5.5 million .", 'Miami-Dade County']
['pigeon key', 'located', 'miami-dade county', "Pigeon Key is a historic district located on the small island of Pigeon Key in the lower Florida Keys . The island is named `` Cayo Paloma '' on many old Spanish charts . It is located off the old Seven Mile Bridge , at approximately mile marker 45 , west of Knight 's Key , ( city of Marathon in the middle Florida Keys ) and just east of Moser Channel , which is the deepest section of the 7 mile span . Said to be named for large flocks of white - crowned pigeons ( Columba leucocephala Linnaeus ) which once roosted there . During the building of Henry Flagler 's Overseas Railroad Key West Extension , a major construction depot was located there , the jumping off point for construction of the Seven Mile Bridge . A number of buildings from the Flagler era remain on the island . They are now part of the Pigeon Key Historic District .", 'Marathon in the middle Florida Keys']
['pigeon key', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'marathon in the middle florida keys', "The Seven Mile Bridge is a famous bridge in the Florida Keys , in Monroe County , Florida , United States . It connects Knight 's Key ( part of the city of Marathon , Florida ) in the Middle Keys to Little Duck Key in the Lower Keys . Among the longest bridges in existence when it was built , it is part of the Overseas Highway in the Keys , which is part of the 2,369-mile U.S . Route 1 .", "Knight 's Key"]
['pigeon key', 'where is', "knight 's key", "Marathon is a city on Knight 's Key , Boot Key , Key Vaca , Fat Deer Key , Long Point Key , Crawl Key and Grassy Key islands in the middle of the Florida Keys , in Monroe County , Florida , United States . As of the 2000 census , the city had a total population of 10,255 . As of 2014 , the population estimated by the U.S . Census Bureau was 8,708 .", 'Marathon']
['pigeon key', 'located', 'marathon', "Pigeon Key is a historic district located on the small island of Pigeon Key in the lower Florida Keys . The island is named `` Cayo Paloma '' on many old Spanish charts . It is located off the old Seven Mile Bridge , at approximately mile marker 45 , west of Knight 's Key , ( city of Marathon in the middle Florida Keys ) and just east of Moser Channel , which is the deepest section of the 7 mile span . Said to be named for large flocks of white - crowned pigeons ( Columba leucocephala Linnaeus ) which once roosted there . During the building of Henry Flagler 's Overseas Railroad Key West Extension , a major construction depot was located there , the jumping off point for construction of the Seven Mile Bridge . A number of buildings from the Flagler era remain on the island . They are now part of the Pigeon Key Historic District .", 'Marathon in the middle Florida Keys']
['pigeon key', 'where is', 'marathon in the middle florida keys', "The Seven Mile Bridge is a famous bridge in the Florida Keys , in Monroe County , Florida , United States . It connects Knight 's Key ( part of the city of Marathon , Florida ) in the Middle Keys to Little Duck Key in the Lower Keys . Among the longest bridges in existence when it was built , it is part of the Overseas Highway in the Keys , which is part of the 2,369-mile U.S . Route 1 .", 'Little Duck Key in the Lower Keys']
['pigeon key', 'where is', 'little duck key in the lower keys', 'Little Duck Key is a small island in the lower Florida Keys .', 'Florida Keys']
['pigeon key', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'florida keys', "The Seven Mile Bridge is a famous bridge in the Florida Keys , in Monroe County , Florida , United States . It connects Knight 's Key ( part of the city of Marathon , Florida ) in the Middle Keys to Little Duck Key in the Lower Keys . Among the longest bridges in existence when it was built , it is part of the Overseas Highway in the Keys , which is part of the 2,369-mile U.S . Route 1 .", "Knight 's Key"]
['santa ynez valley union high school', 'where is', 'santa ynez valley union high school', "Santa Ynez Valley Union High School in Santa Ynez , California , is a public high school ( grades 9 -- 12 ) serving the Santa Ynez Valley . 1,150 students are enrolled . Santa Ynez High School was founded in 1896 . SYVUHS was a 2005 California Distinguished School . The school 's mascot is a pirate and its colors are orange and black . Sports teams compete in the CIF Southern Section Los Padres League . The school formerly participated in the International Baccalaureate Programme , but had to end the program because of a lack of funds . Two students completed the program .", 'California']
['santa ynez valley union high school', 'located', 'santa ynez valley union high school', "Santa Ynez Valley Union High School in Santa Ynez , California , is a public high school ( grades 9 -- 12 ) serving the Santa Ynez Valley . 1,150 students are enrolled . Santa Ynez High School was founded in 1896 . SYVUHS was a 2005 California Distinguished School . The school 's mascot is a pirate and its colors are orange and black . Sports teams compete in the CIF Southern Section Los Padres League . The school formerly participated in the International Baccalaureate Programme , but had to end the program because of a lack of funds . Two students completed the program .", 'Santa Ynez Valley Union High School in Santa Ynez , California']
['santa ynez valley union high school', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'santa ynez valley union high school in santa ynez , california', 'Santa Ynez is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in the Santa Ynez Valley of Santa Barbara County , California .', 'census-designated']
['santa ynez valley union high school', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'census-designated', 'Santa Ynez is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in the Santa Ynez Valley of Santa Barbara County , California .', 'CDP']
['santa ynez valley union high school', 'located', 'cdp', 'Santa Ynez is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in the Santa Ynez Valley of Santa Barbara County , California .', 'Santa Ynez']
['santa ynez valley union high school', 'where is', 'santa ynez', 'Santa Ynez is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in the Santa Ynez Valley of Santa Barbara County , California .', 'Santa Ynez Valley of Santa Barbara County , California']
['santa ynez valley union high school', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'santa ynez valley of santa barbara county , california', 'Santa Ynez is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in the Santa Ynez Valley of Santa Barbara County , California .', 'census-designated']
['santa ynez valley union high school', 'located', 'census-designated', 'Santa Ynez is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in the Santa Ynez Valley of Santa Barbara County , California .', 'Santa Ynez']
['santa ynez valley union high school', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'santa ynez', 'Santa Ynez is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in the Santa Ynez Valley of Santa Barbara County , California .', 'census-designated place ( CDP )']
['santa ynez valley union high school', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'census-designated place ( cdp )', 'Santa Ynez is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in the Santa Ynez Valley of Santa Barbara County , California .', 'Santa Ynez']
['santa ynez valley union high school', 'where is', 'santa ynez', 'The Santa Ynez Valley is located in Santa Barbara County , California , between the Santa Ynez Mountains to the south and the San Rafael Mountains to the north . The Santa Ynez River flows through the valley from east to west . The Santa Ynez Valley is separated from the Los Alamos Valley , to the northwest , by the Purisima Hills , and from the Santa Maria Valley by the Solomon Hills . The Santa Rita Hills separate the Santa Ynez Valley from the Santa Rita and Lompoc Valleys to the west .', 'Santa Barbara County , California']
['santa ynez valley union high school', 'municipality of', 'santa barbara county , california', 'Santa Barbara County , California , officially the County of Santa Barbara , is a county located in the southern portion of the state of California , in the United States . As of the 2010 census , the population was 423,895 . The county seat is Santa Barbara , and the largest city is Santa Maria .', 'Santa Maria']
['santa ynez valley union high school', 'where is', 'santa maria', 'The Solomon Hills are a low mountain range in the western Transverse Ranges , in northern Santa Barbara County , California . The Hills separate the Santa Maria Valley and Santa Maria to the north , from the Los Alamos Valley and the Santa Ynez Valley to the south .', 'Los Alamos Valley']
['santa ynez valley union high school', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'los alamos valley', 'The Solomon Hills are a low mountain range in the western Transverse Ranges , in northern Santa Barbara County , California . The Hills separate the Santa Maria Valley and Santa Maria to the north , from the Los Alamos Valley and the Santa Ynez Valley to the south .', 'Santa Ynez Valley']
['santa ynez valley union high school', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'santa ynez valley', 'Santa Ynez is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in the Santa Ynez Valley of Santa Barbara County , California .', 'census-designated place ( CDP )']
['santa ynez valley union high school', 'where is', 'census-designated place ( cdp )', 'Santa Ynez is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in the Santa Ynez Valley of Santa Barbara County , California .', 'Santa Ynez']
['santa ynez valley union high school', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'santa ynez', 'The Santa Ynez Valley is located in Santa Barbara County , California , between the Santa Ynez Mountains to the south and the San Rafael Mountains to the north . The Santa Ynez River flows through the valley from east to west . The Santa Ynez Valley is separated from the Los Alamos Valley , to the northwest , by the Purisima Hills , and from the Santa Maria Valley by the Solomon Hills . The Santa Rita Hills separate the Santa Ynez Valley from the Santa Rita and Lompoc Valleys to the west .', 'east to west']
['santa ynez valley union high school', 'municipality of', 'east to west', 'The Santa Ynez River is one of the largest rivers on the Central Coast of California . It is long , flowing from east to west through the Santa Ynez Valley , reaching the Pacific Ocean at Surf , near Vandenberg Air Force Base and the city of Lompoc .', 'Lompoc']
['santa ynez valley union high school', 'municipality of', 'lompoc', 'The Santa Ynez River is one of the largest rivers on the Central Coast of California . It is long , flowing from east to west through the Santa Ynez Valley , reaching the Pacific Ocean at Surf , near Vandenberg Air Force Base and the city of Lompoc .', 'the city']
['santa ynez valley union high school', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'the city', 'Santa Barbara County , California , officially the County of Santa Barbara , is a county located in the southern portion of the state of California , in the United States . As of the 2010 census , the population was 423,895 . The county seat is Santa Barbara , and the largest city is Santa Maria .', 'county seat is Santa Barbara , and the largest city']
['santa ynez valley union high school', 'located', 'county seat is santa barbara , and the largest city', 'Santa Barbara County , California , officially the County of Santa Barbara , is a county located in the southern portion of the state of California , in the United States . As of the 2010 census , the population was 423,895 . The county seat is Santa Barbara , and the largest city is Santa Maria .', 'Santa Maria']
['santa ynez valley union high school', 'where is', 'santa maria', 'Santa Barbara County , California , officially the County of Santa Barbara , is a county located in the southern portion of the state of California , in the United States . As of the 2010 census , the population was 423,895 . The county seat is Santa Barbara , and the largest city is Santa Maria .', 'Santa Barbara , and the largest city']
['santa ynez valley union high school', 'where is', 'santa barbara , and the largest city', 'Santa Barbara County , California , officially the County of Santa Barbara , is a county located in the southern portion of the state of California , in the United States . As of the 2010 census , the population was 423,895 . The county seat is Santa Barbara , and the largest city is Santa Maria .', 'Santa Maria']
['santa ynez valley union high school', 'where is', 'santa maria', 'Santa Ynez is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in the Santa Ynez Valley of Santa Barbara County , California .', 'Santa Ynez Valley of Santa Barbara County , California']
['santa ynez valley union high school', 'municipality of', 'santa ynez valley of santa barbara county , california', 'Santa Ynez is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in the Santa Ynez Valley of Santa Barbara County , California .', 'California']
['santa ynez valley union high school', 'municipality of', 'california', 'The San Rafael Mountains are a mountain range in central Santa Barbara County , California , U.S . , separating the drainages of the Santa Ynez River and the Santa Maria River . They are part of the Transverse Ranges system of Southern California which in turn are part of the Pacific Coast Ranges system of western North America .', 'Barbara County']
['assiniboine memorial curling club', 'where is', 'assiniboine memorial curling club', "The Assiniboine Memorial Curling Club is located in the northwestern area of Winnipeg , in the community of St . James . The curling club was started up in 1929 and was nicknamed the ' root cellar ' , it had only 2 sheets of ice at the time . The AMCC moved to their current site , at Vimy and Hamilton , in 1962 . This new location was built with 4 sheets and then expanded to 8 , as it has today . A small fire destroyed part of the clubrooms and arena in 1972 , most of the original structure remained and was rebuilt . In 1992 the AMCC addressed the problem of the shifting Winnipeg ' gumbo ' under the ice sheets in 1992 . The ice was dug out 6 feet beneath the curling rink , filled with sand , and covered with styrofoam to prevent shifting of the ice . The AMCC is the home of the 1995 world champion Kerry Burtnyk rink and is also home to the Mike McEwen and Al McLean ( radio celebrity ) squads .", 'Winnipeg']
['assiniboine memorial curling club', 'municipality of', 'assiniboine memorial curling club', "The Assiniboine Memorial Curling Club is located in the northwestern area of Winnipeg , in the community of St . James . The curling club was started up in 1929 and was nicknamed the ' root cellar ' , it had only 2 sheets of ice at the time . The AMCC moved to their current site , at Vimy and Hamilton , in 1962 . This new location was built with 4 sheets and then expanded to 8 , as it has today . A small fire destroyed part of the clubrooms and arena in 1972 , most of the original structure remained and was rebuilt . In 1992 the AMCC addressed the problem of the shifting Winnipeg ' gumbo ' under the ice sheets in 1992 . The ice was dug out 6 feet beneath the curling rink , filled with sand , and covered with styrofoam to prevent shifting of the ice . The AMCC is the home of the 1995 world champion Kerry Burtnyk rink and is also home to the Mike McEwen and Al McLean ( radio celebrity ) squads .", 'St . James']
['assiniboine memorial curling club', 'municipality of', 'st . james', "The Assiniboine Memorial Curling Club is located in the northwestern area of Winnipeg , in the community of St . James . The curling club was started up in 1929 and was nicknamed the ' root cellar ' , it had only 2 sheets of ice at the time . The AMCC moved to their current site , at Vimy and Hamilton , in 1962 . This new location was built with 4 sheets and then expanded to 8 , as it has today . A small fire destroyed part of the clubrooms and arena in 1972 , most of the original structure remained and was rebuilt . In 1992 the AMCC addressed the problem of the shifting Winnipeg ' gumbo ' under the ice sheets in 1992 . The ice was dug out 6 feet beneath the curling rink , filled with sand , and covered with styrofoam to prevent shifting of the ice . The AMCC is the home of the 1995 world champion Kerry Burtnyk rink and is also home to the Mike McEwen and Al McLean ( radio celebrity ) squads .", 'Winnipeg']
['assiniboine memorial curling club', 'where is', 'winnipeg', "In geography , a confluence is the meeting of two or more bodies of water . Also known as a `` conflux '' , it refers either to the point where a tributary joins a larger river , ( main stem ) , or where two streams meet to become the source of a river of a new name , such as the confluence of the Monongahela and Allegheny rivers in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania creating the Ohio River .", 'Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania']
['assiniboine memorial curling club', 'where is', 'pittsburgh , pennsylvania', "In geography , a confluence is the meeting of two or more bodies of water . Also known as a `` conflux '' , it refers either to the point where a tributary joins a larger river , ( main stem ) , or where two streams meet to become the source of a river of a new name , such as the confluence of the Monongahela and Allegheny rivers in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania creating the Ohio River .", 'Ohio River']
['assiniboine memorial curling club', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'ohio river', "In geography , a confluence is the meeting of two or more bodies of water . Also known as a `` conflux '' , it refers either to the point where a tributary joins a larger river , ( main stem ) , or where two streams meet to become the source of a river of a new name , such as the confluence of the Monongahela and Allegheny rivers in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania creating the Ohio River .", 'a larger river']
['assiniboine memorial curling club', 'municipality of', 'a larger river', "In geography , a confluence is the meeting of two or more bodies of water . Also known as a `` conflux '' , it refers either to the point where a tributary joins a larger river , ( main stem ) , or where two streams meet to become the source of a river of a new name , such as the confluence of the Monongahela and Allegheny rivers in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania creating the Ohio River .", 'Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania']
['assiniboine memorial curling club', 'municipality of', 'pittsburgh , pennsylvania', "In geography , a confluence is the meeting of two or more bodies of water . Also known as a `` conflux '' , it refers either to the point where a tributary joins a larger river , ( main stem ) , or where two streams meet to become the source of a river of a new name , such as the confluence of the Monongahela and Allegheny rivers in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania creating the Ohio River .", 'Ohio River']
['assiniboine memorial curling club', 'municipality of', 'ohio river', "In geography , a confluence is the meeting of two or more bodies of water . Also known as a `` conflux '' , it refers either to the point where a tributary joins a larger river , ( main stem ) , or where two streams meet to become the source of a river of a new name , such as the confluence of the Monongahela and Allegheny rivers in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania creating the Ohio River .", 'Pennsylvania']
['assiniboine memorial curling club', 'municipality of', 'pennsylvania', "In geography , a confluence is the meeting of two or more bodies of water . Also known as a `` conflux '' , it refers either to the point where a tributary joins a larger river , ( main stem ) , or where two streams meet to become the source of a river of a new name , such as the confluence of the Monongahela and Allegheny rivers in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania creating the Ohio River .", 'Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania creating the Ohio River']
['assiniboine memorial curling club', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'pittsburgh , pennsylvania creating the ohio river', "In geography , a confluence is the meeting of two or more bodies of water . Also known as a `` conflux '' , it refers either to the point where a tributary joins a larger river , ( main stem ) , or where two streams meet to become the source of a river of a new name , such as the confluence of the Monongahela and Allegheny rivers in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania creating the Ohio River .", 'conflux']
['assiniboine memorial curling club', 'located', 'conflux', 'Winnipeg is the capital and largest city of the province of Manitoba in Canada . It is located near the longitudinal centre of North America , at the confluence of the Red and Assiniboine Rivers .', 'Red and Assiniboine Rivers']
['assiniboine memorial curling club', 'where is', 'red and assiniboine rivers', 'Winnipeg is the capital and largest city of the province of Manitoba in Canada . It is located near the longitudinal centre of North America , at the confluence of the Red and Assiniboine Rivers .', 'Winnipeg']
['assiniboine memorial curling club', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'winnipeg', 'Winnipeg is the capital and largest city of the province of Manitoba in Canada . It is located near the longitudinal centre of North America , at the confluence of the Red and Assiniboine Rivers .', 'capital and largest city']
['assiniboine memorial curling club', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'capital and largest city', 'Winnipeg is the capital and largest city of the province of Manitoba in Canada . It is located near the longitudinal centre of North America , at the confluence of the Red and Assiniboine Rivers .', 'Winnipeg']
['assiniboine memorial curling club', 'located', 'winnipeg', 'Winnipeg is the capital and largest city of the province of Manitoba in Canada . It is located near the longitudinal centre of North America , at the confluence of the Red and Assiniboine Rivers .', 'Red and Assiniboine Rivers']
['assiniboine memorial curling club', 'where is', 'red and assiniboine rivers', "In geography , a confluence is the meeting of two or more bodies of water . Also known as a `` conflux '' , it refers either to the point where a tributary joins a larger river , ( main stem ) , or where two streams meet to become the source of a river of a new name , such as the confluence of the Monongahela and Allegheny rivers in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania creating the Ohio River .", 'Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania']
['assiniboine memorial curling club', 'where is', 'pittsburgh , pennsylvania', 'Winnipeg is the capital and largest city of the province of Manitoba in Canada . It is located near the longitudinal centre of North America , at the confluence of the Red and Assiniboine Rivers .', 'Canada']
['assiniboine memorial curling club', 'where is', 'canada', "In geography , a confluence is the meeting of two or more bodies of water . Also known as a `` conflux '' , it refers either to the point where a tributary joins a larger river , ( main stem ) , or where two streams meet to become the source of a river of a new name , such as the confluence of the Monongahela and Allegheny rivers in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania creating the Ohio River .", 'Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania']
['assiniboine memorial curling club', 'municipality of', 'pittsburgh , pennsylvania', 'Winnipeg is the capital and largest city of the province of Manitoba in Canada . It is located near the longitudinal centre of North America , at the confluence of the Red and Assiniboine Rivers .', 'Winnipeg']
['assiniboine memorial curling club', 'located', 'winnipeg', "The Assiniboine Memorial Curling Club is located in the northwestern area of Winnipeg , in the community of St . James . The curling club was started up in 1929 and was nicknamed the ' root cellar ' , it had only 2 sheets of ice at the time . The AMCC moved to their current site , at Vimy and Hamilton , in 1962 . This new location was built with 4 sheets and then expanded to 8 , as it has today . A small fire destroyed part of the clubrooms and arena in 1972 , most of the original structure remained and was rebuilt . In 1992 the AMCC addressed the problem of the shifting Winnipeg ' gumbo ' under the ice sheets in 1992 . The ice was dug out 6 feet beneath the curling rink , filled with sand , and covered with styrofoam to prevent shifting of the ice . The AMCC is the home of the 1995 world champion Kerry Burtnyk rink and is also home to the Mike McEwen and Al McLean ( radio celebrity ) squads .", 'Assiniboine Memorial Curling Club']
['assiniboine memorial curling club', 'municipality of', 'assiniboine memorial curling club', 'Winnipeg is the capital and largest city of the province of Manitoba in Canada . It is located near the longitudinal centre of North America , at the confluence of the Red and Assiniboine Rivers .', 'Winnipeg']
['assiniboine memorial curling club', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'winnipeg', "The Assiniboine Memorial Curling Club is located in the northwestern area of Winnipeg , in the community of St . James . The curling club was started up in 1929 and was nicknamed the ' root cellar ' , it had only 2 sheets of ice at the time . The AMCC moved to their current site , at Vimy and Hamilton , in 1962 . This new location was built with 4 sheets and then expanded to 8 , as it has today . A small fire destroyed part of the clubrooms and arena in 1972 , most of the original structure remained and was rebuilt . In 1992 the AMCC addressed the problem of the shifting Winnipeg ' gumbo ' under the ice sheets in 1992 . The ice was dug out 6 feet beneath the curling rink , filled with sand , and covered with styrofoam to prevent shifting of the ice . The AMCC is the home of the 1995 world champion Kerry Burtnyk rink and is also home to the Mike McEwen and Al McLean ( radio celebrity ) squads .", 'styrofoam']
['assiniboine memorial curling club', 'where is', 'styrofoam', "In geography , a confluence is the meeting of two or more bodies of water . Also known as a `` conflux '' , it refers either to the point where a tributary joins a larger river , ( main stem ) , or where two streams meet to become the source of a river of a new name , such as the confluence of the Monongahela and Allegheny rivers in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania creating the Ohio River .", 'Pennsylvania']
['assiniboine memorial curling club', 'where is', 'pennsylvania', "In geography , a confluence is the meeting of two or more bodies of water . Also known as a `` conflux '' , it refers either to the point where a tributary joins a larger river , ( main stem ) , or where two streams meet to become the source of a river of a new name , such as the confluence of the Monongahela and Allegheny rivers in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania creating the Ohio River .", 'Pittsburgh']
['assiniboine memorial curling club', 'where is', 'pittsburgh', "In geography , a confluence is the meeting of two or more bodies of water . Also known as a `` conflux '' , it refers either to the point where a tributary joins a larger river , ( main stem ) , or where two streams meet to become the source of a river of a new name , such as the confluence of the Monongahela and Allegheny rivers in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania creating the Ohio River .", 'Pennsylvania']
['carnival festival', 'where is', 'carnival festival', "Carnival Festival ( or `` Carnaval Festival '' in Dutch ) is a dark ride in amusement park Efteling in the Netherlands . It was designed by Joop Geesink and opened its doors in 1984 .", 'amusement park Efteling in the Netherlands']
['carnival festival', 'where is', 'carnival festival', "Carnival Festival ( or `` Carnaval Festival '' in Dutch ) is a dark ride in amusement park Efteling in the Netherlands . It was designed by Joop Geesink and opened its doors in 1984 .", 'amusement park Efteling in the Netherlands']
['carnival festival', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'amusement park efteling in the netherlands', 'Efteling is a fantasy-themed amusement park in Kaatsheuvel in the Netherlands . The attractions are based on elements from ancient myths and legends , fairy tales , fables , and folklore .', 'fantasy-themed']
['carnival festival', 'where is', 'fantasy-themed', 'Efteling is a fantasy-themed amusement park in Kaatsheuvel in the Netherlands . The attractions are based on elements from ancient myths and legends , fairy tales , fables , and folklore .', 'Kaatsheuvel in the Netherlands']
['carnival festival', 'located', 'kaatsheuvel in the netherlands', "The Netherlands is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . It is a densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories in the Caribbean . The European part of the Netherlands borders Germany to the east , Belgium to the south , and the North Sea to the northwest , sharing maritime borders with Belgium , the United Kingdom , and Germany . The largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam , Rotterdam , The Hague and Utrecht . Amsterdam is the country 's capital , while The Hague holds the Dutch seat of government and parliament . The name `` Holland '' is used to refer informally to the whole of the country of the Netherlands .", 'It is a densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories']
['carnival festival', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'it is a densely populated country located in western europe with three island territories', "The Netherlands is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . It is a densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories in the Caribbean . The European part of the Netherlands borders Germany to the east , Belgium to the south , and the North Sea to the northwest , sharing maritime borders with Belgium , the United Kingdom , and Germany . The largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam , Rotterdam , The Hague and Utrecht . Amsterdam is the country 's capital , while The Hague holds the Dutch seat of government and parliament . The name `` Holland '' is used to refer informally to the whole of the country of the Netherlands .", 'It is a densely populated country']
['carnival festival', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'it is a densely populated country', "The Netherlands is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . It is a densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories in the Caribbean . The European part of the Netherlands borders Germany to the east , Belgium to the south , and the North Sea to the northwest , sharing maritime borders with Belgium , the United Kingdom , and Germany . The largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam , Rotterdam , The Hague and Utrecht . Amsterdam is the country 's capital , while The Hague holds the Dutch seat of government and parliament . The name `` Holland '' is used to refer informally to the whole of the country of the Netherlands .", 'It is a densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories']
['carnival festival', 'located', 'it is a densely populated country located in western europe with three island territories', "The Netherlands is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . It is a densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories in the Caribbean . The European part of the Netherlands borders Germany to the east , Belgium to the south , and the North Sea to the northwest , sharing maritime borders with Belgium , the United Kingdom , and Germany . The largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam , Rotterdam , The Hague and Utrecht . Amsterdam is the country 's capital , while The Hague holds the Dutch seat of government and parliament . The name `` Holland '' is used to refer informally to the whole of the country of the Netherlands .", 'Netherlands']
['carnival festival', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'netherlands', "The Netherlands is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . It is a densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories in the Caribbean . The European part of the Netherlands borders Germany to the east , Belgium to the south , and the North Sea to the northwest , sharing maritime borders with Belgium , the United Kingdom , and Germany . The largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam , Rotterdam , The Hague and Utrecht . Amsterdam is the country 's capital , while The Hague holds the Dutch seat of government and parliament . The name `` Holland '' is used to refer informally to the whole of the country of the Netherlands .", 'densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories']
['carnival festival', 'municipality of', 'densely populated country located in western europe with three island territories', "The Netherlands is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . It is a densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories in the Caribbean . The European part of the Netherlands borders Germany to the east , Belgium to the south , and the North Sea to the northwest , sharing maritime borders with Belgium , the United Kingdom , and Germany . The largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam , Rotterdam , The Hague and Utrecht . Amsterdam is the country 's capital , while The Hague holds the Dutch seat of government and parliament . The name `` Holland '' is used to refer informally to the whole of the country of the Netherlands .", 'Netherlands']
['carnival festival', 'municipality of', 'netherlands', "The Netherlands is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . It is a densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories in the Caribbean . The European part of the Netherlands borders Germany to the east , Belgium to the south , and the North Sea to the northwest , sharing maritime borders with Belgium , the United Kingdom , and Germany . The largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam , Rotterdam , The Hague and Utrecht . Amsterdam is the country 's capital , while The Hague holds the Dutch seat of government and parliament . The name `` Holland '' is used to refer informally to the whole of the country of the Netherlands .", 'Kingdom']
['carnival festival', 'where is', 'kingdom', "The Netherlands is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . It is a densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories in the Caribbean . The European part of the Netherlands borders Germany to the east , Belgium to the south , and the North Sea to the northwest , sharing maritime borders with Belgium , the United Kingdom , and Germany . The largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam , Rotterdam , The Hague and Utrecht . Amsterdam is the country 's capital , while The Hague holds the Dutch seat of government and parliament . The name `` Holland '' is used to refer informally to the whole of the country of the Netherlands .", 'Netherlands']
['carnival festival', 'where is', 'netherlands', "The Netherlands is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . It is a densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories in the Caribbean . The European part of the Netherlands borders Germany to the east , Belgium to the south , and the North Sea to the northwest , sharing maritime borders with Belgium , the United Kingdom , and Germany . The largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam , Rotterdam , The Hague and Utrecht . Amsterdam is the country 's capital , while The Hague holds the Dutch seat of government and parliament . The name `` Holland '' is used to refer informally to the whole of the country of the Netherlands .", 'Western Europe']
['carnival festival', 'where is', 'western europe', "The Netherlands is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . It is a densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories in the Caribbean . The European part of the Netherlands borders Germany to the east , Belgium to the south , and the North Sea to the northwest , sharing maritime borders with Belgium , the United Kingdom , and Germany . The largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam , Rotterdam , The Hague and Utrecht . Amsterdam is the country 's capital , while The Hague holds the Dutch seat of government and parliament . The name `` Holland '' is used to refer informally to the whole of the country of the Netherlands .", 'with three island territories in the Caribbean']
['carnival festival', 'where is', 'with three island territories in the caribbean', "The Netherlands is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . It is a densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories in the Caribbean . The European part of the Netherlands borders Germany to the east , Belgium to the south , and the North Sea to the northwest , sharing maritime borders with Belgium , the United Kingdom , and Germany . The largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam , Rotterdam , The Hague and Utrecht . Amsterdam is the country 's capital , while The Hague holds the Dutch seat of government and parliament . The name `` Holland '' is used to refer informally to the whole of the country of the Netherlands .", 'Western Europe']
['carnival festival', 'municipality of', 'western europe', "Kaatsheuvel is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant , situated along highways N261 and N628 . With a population of roughly 16,600 , it is the largest village in and the capital of the municipality of Loon op Zand , which also consists of the villages of De Moer and Loon op Zand . As Kaatsheuvel is a municipality capital , it had a town hall located in the town centre . The town hall was torn down in 2010 as part of an ambitious plan to build a lively new town centre . Currently the new town centre is being built , working title `` Bruisend Dorpshart '' ( Sparkling Village 's Heart ) . Kaatsheuvel is ( internationally ) well known for the Efteling theme park and a gateway to National Park Loonse en Drunense Duinen .", 'North Brabant']
['carnival festival', 'municipality of', 'north brabant', "Kaatsheuvel is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant , situated along highways N261 and N628 . With a population of roughly 16,600 , it is the largest village in and the capital of the municipality of Loon op Zand , which also consists of the villages of De Moer and Loon op Zand . As Kaatsheuvel is a municipality capital , it had a town hall located in the town centre . The town hall was torn down in 2010 as part of an ambitious plan to build a lively new town centre . Currently the new town centre is being built , working title `` Bruisend Dorpshart '' ( Sparkling Village 's Heart ) . Kaatsheuvel is ( internationally ) well known for the Efteling theme park and a gateway to National Park Loonse en Drunense Duinen .", 'Dutch']
['carnival festival', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'dutch', "Kaatsheuvel is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant , situated along highways N261 and N628 . With a population of roughly 16,600 , it is the largest village in and the capital of the municipality of Loon op Zand , which also consists of the villages of De Moer and Loon op Zand . As Kaatsheuvel is a municipality capital , it had a town hall located in the town centre . The town hall was torn down in 2010 as part of an ambitious plan to build a lively new town centre . Currently the new town centre is being built , working title `` Bruisend Dorpshart '' ( Sparkling Village 's Heart ) . Kaatsheuvel is ( internationally ) well known for the Efteling theme park and a gateway to National Park Loonse en Drunense Duinen .", 'highways N261 and N628']
['carnival festival', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'highways n261 and n628', "Kaatsheuvel is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant , situated along highways N261 and N628 . With a population of roughly 16,600 , it is the largest village in and the capital of the municipality of Loon op Zand , which also consists of the villages of De Moer and Loon op Zand . As Kaatsheuvel is a municipality capital , it had a town hall located in the town centre . The town hall was torn down in 2010 as part of an ambitious plan to build a lively new town centre . Currently the new town centre is being built , working title `` Bruisend Dorpshart '' ( Sparkling Village 's Heart ) . Kaatsheuvel is ( internationally ) well known for the Efteling theme park and a gateway to National Park Loonse en Drunense Duinen .", 'Kaatsheuvel is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant']
['carnival festival', 'where is', 'kaatsheuvel is a village in the dutch province of north brabant', "Kaatsheuvel is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant , situated along highways N261 and N628 . With a population of roughly 16,600 , it is the largest village in and the capital of the municipality of Loon op Zand , which also consists of the villages of De Moer and Loon op Zand . As Kaatsheuvel is a municipality capital , it had a town hall located in the town centre . The town hall was torn down in 2010 as part of an ambitious plan to build a lively new town centre . Currently the new town centre is being built , working title `` Bruisend Dorpshart '' ( Sparkling Village 's Heart ) . Kaatsheuvel is ( internationally ) well known for the Efteling theme park and a gateway to National Park Loonse en Drunense Duinen .", 'N261 and N628']
['carnival festival', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'n261 and n628', "Kaatsheuvel is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant , situated along highways N261 and N628 . With a population of roughly 16,600 , it is the largest village in and the capital of the municipality of Loon op Zand , which also consists of the villages of De Moer and Loon op Zand . As Kaatsheuvel is a municipality capital , it had a town hall located in the town centre . The town hall was torn down in 2010 as part of an ambitious plan to build a lively new town centre . Currently the new town centre is being built , working title `` Bruisend Dorpshart '' ( Sparkling Village 's Heart ) . Kaatsheuvel is ( internationally ) well known for the Efteling theme park and a gateway to National Park Loonse en Drunense Duinen .", 'Kaatsheuvel is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant']
['carnival festival', 'where is', 'kaatsheuvel is a village in the dutch province of north brabant', "The Netherlands is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . It is a densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories in the Caribbean . The European part of the Netherlands borders Germany to the east , Belgium to the south , and the North Sea to the northwest , sharing maritime borders with Belgium , the United Kingdom , and Germany . The largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam , Rotterdam , The Hague and Utrecht . Amsterdam is the country 's capital , while The Hague holds the Dutch seat of government and parliament . The name `` Holland '' is used to refer informally to the whole of the country of the Netherlands .", 'North Sea']
['carnival festival', 'where is', 'north sea', "The Netherlands is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . It is a densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories in the Caribbean . The European part of the Netherlands borders Germany to the east , Belgium to the south , and the North Sea to the northwest , sharing maritime borders with Belgium , the United Kingdom , and Germany . The largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam , Rotterdam , The Hague and Utrecht . Amsterdam is the country 's capital , while The Hague holds the Dutch seat of government and parliament . The name `` Holland '' is used to refer informally to the whole of the country of the Netherlands .", 'northwest , sharing maritime borders with Belgium , the United Kingdom , and Germany']
['carnival festival', 'located', 'northwest , sharing maritime borders with belgium , the united kingdom , and germany', "The Netherlands is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . It is a densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories in the Caribbean . The European part of the Netherlands borders Germany to the east , Belgium to the south , and the North Sea to the northwest , sharing maritime borders with Belgium , the United Kingdom , and Germany . The largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam , Rotterdam , The Hague and Utrecht . Amsterdam is the country 's capital , while The Hague holds the Dutch seat of government and parliament . The name `` Holland '' is used to refer informally to the whole of the country of the Netherlands .", 'the North Sea to the northwest']
['carnival festival', 'municipality of', 'the north sea to the northwest', "The Netherlands is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . It is a densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories in the Caribbean . The European part of the Netherlands borders Germany to the east , Belgium to the south , and the North Sea to the northwest , sharing maritime borders with Belgium , the United Kingdom , and Germany . The largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam , Rotterdam , The Hague and Utrecht . Amsterdam is the country 's capital , while The Hague holds the Dutch seat of government and parliament . The name `` Holland '' is used to refer informally to the whole of the country of the Netherlands .", 'Belgium']
['carnival festival', 'municipality of', 'belgium', "Kaatsheuvel is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant , situated along highways N261 and N628 . With a population of roughly 16,600 , it is the largest village in and the capital of the municipality of Loon op Zand , which also consists of the villages of De Moer and Loon op Zand . As Kaatsheuvel is a municipality capital , it had a town hall located in the town centre . The town hall was torn down in 2010 as part of an ambitious plan to build a lively new town centre . Currently the new town centre is being built , working title `` Bruisend Dorpshart '' ( Sparkling Village 's Heart ) . Kaatsheuvel is ( internationally ) well known for the Efteling theme park and a gateway to National Park Loonse en Drunense Duinen .", 'North Brabant']
['waldstadion an der kaiserlinde', 'where is', 'waldstadion an der kaiserlinde', 'Waldstadion an der Kaiserlinde is a multi-use stadium in Spiesen - Elversberg , Germany . It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of SV Elversberg . The stadium is able to hold 9,970 people .', 'Spiesen - Elversberg , Germany']
['waldstadion an der kaiserlinde', 'where is', 'waldstadion an der kaiserlinde', 'Waldstadion an der Kaiserlinde is a multi-use stadium in Spiesen - Elversberg , Germany . It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of SV Elversberg . The stadium is able to hold 9,970 people .', 'Spiesen - Elversberg , Germany']
['waldstadion an der kaiserlinde', 'located', 'spiesen - elversberg , germany', 'SpVgg 07 Elversberg is a German association football club , located in Spiesen-Elversberg , Saarland .', 'Saarland']
['bor', 'where is', 'bor', 'Bor ( German : Haid ) is a town in the Pilsen Region of the Czech Republic . It lies some 50 km ( 30 mi ) to the west from the region capital of Pilsen . It is also the seat of the Municipality with Commissioned Local Authority within the Tachov Municipality with Extended Competence .', 'Pilsen Region of the Czech Republic']
['bor', 'located', 'bor', "Silesia ( or ; Silesian German : `` Schläsing '' Silesian : `` lnsk '' ) is a region of Central Europe located mostly in Poland , with small parts in the Czech Republic and Germany . Its area is about , and its population about 8,000,000 . Silesia is located along the Oder river . It consists of Lower Silesia and Upper Silesia .", 'Poland']
['bor', 'where is', 'poland', 'Poland , officially the Republic of Poland , is a country in Central Europe , situated between the Baltic Sea in the north and two mountain ranges ( the Sudetes and Carpathian Mountains ) in the south . Bordered by Germany to the west ; the Czech Republic and Slovakia to the south ; Ukraine and Belarus to the east ; and the Baltic Sea , Kaliningrad Oblast ( a Russian exclave ) and Lithuania to the north . The total area of Poland is , making it the 69th largest country in the world and the 9th largest in Europe . With a population of over 38.5 million people , Poland is the 34th most populous country in the world , the 8th most populous country in Europe and the sixth most populous member of the European Union . Poland is a unitary state divided into 16 administrative subdivisions , and its capital and largest city is Warsaw . Other metropolises include Kraków , Wrocaw , Pozna , Gdask and Szczecin .', 'Central Europe']
['bor', 'located', 'central europe', "Central Europe lies between Eastern Europe and Western Europe . The concept of Central Europe is based on a common historical , social and cultural identity . Central Europe is going through a phase of `` strategic awakening '' , with initiatives such as the CEI , Centrope or V4 . While the region 's economy shows high disparities with regard to income , all Central European countries are listed by the Human Development Index as very highly developed .", 'Eastern Europe and Western Europe']
['bor', 'located', 'eastern europe and western europe', "Central Europe lies between Eastern Europe and Western Europe . The concept of Central Europe is based on a common historical , social and cultural identity . Central Europe is going through a phase of `` strategic awakening '' , with initiatives such as the CEI , Centrope or V4 . While the region 's economy shows high disparities with regard to income , all Central European countries are listed by the Human Development Index as very highly developed .", 'Central']
['bor', 'municipality of', 'central', 'Bor ( German : Haid ) is a town in the Pilsen Region of the Czech Republic . It lies some 50 km ( 30 mi ) to the west from the region capital of Pilsen . It is also the seat of the Municipality with Commissioned Local Authority within the Tachov Municipality with Extended Competence .', 'Tachov Municipality']
['bor', 'municipality of', 'tachov municipality', 'Bor ( German : Haid ) is a town in the Pilsen Region of the Czech Republic . It lies some 50 km ( 30 mi ) to the west from the region capital of Pilsen . It is also the seat of the Municipality with Commissioned Local Authority within the Tachov Municipality with Extended Competence .', 'Tachov Municipality']
['bor', 'where is', 'tachov municipality', 'Bor ( German : Haid ) is a town in the Pilsen Region of the Czech Republic . It lies some 50 km ( 30 mi ) to the west from the region capital of Pilsen . It is also the seat of the Municipality with Commissioned Local Authority within the Tachov Municipality with Extended Competence .', 'with Extended Competence .']
['bor', 'municipality of', 'with extended competence .', 'Bor ( German : Haid ) is a town in the Pilsen Region of the Czech Republic . It lies some 50 km ( 30 mi ) to the west from the region capital of Pilsen . It is also the seat of the Municipality with Commissioned Local Authority within the Tachov Municipality with Extended Competence .', 'Tachov Municipality']
['bor', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'tachov municipality', 'Bor ( German : Haid ) is a town in the Pilsen Region of the Czech Republic . It lies some 50 km ( 30 mi ) to the west from the region capital of Pilsen . It is also the seat of the Municipality with Commissioned Local Authority within the Tachov Municipality with Extended Competence .', 'Commissioned Local Authority within the Tachov Municipality with Extended Competence']
['bor', 'located', 'commissioned local authority within the tachov municipality with extended competence', 'Bor ( German : Haid ) is a town in the Pilsen Region of the Czech Republic . It lies some 50 km ( 30 mi ) to the west from the region capital of Pilsen . It is also the seat of the Municipality with Commissioned Local Authority within the Tachov Municipality with Extended Competence .', 'the seat of the Municipality with Commissioned Local Authority within the Tachov Municipality with Extended Competence']
['bor', 'municipality of', 'the seat of the municipality with commissioned local authority within the tachov municipality with extended competence', 'Bor ( German : Haid ) is a town in the Pilsen Region of the Czech Republic . It lies some 50 km ( 30 mi ) to the west from the region capital of Pilsen . It is also the seat of the Municipality with Commissioned Local Authority within the Tachov Municipality with Extended Competence .', 'Tachov Municipality']
['bor', 'municipality of', 'tachov municipality', 'The Mže is a 107 km long river in the Czech Republic . Its source is situated in the Griesbach Forest ( 726 metres ) , Germany , near the village of Asch , in the municipality of Mähring , Tirschenreuth district . It forms the state boundary for a short distance of 3 kilometers and then finally enters Czech territory . It passes through the towns of Tachov and Stíbro . At the confluence with the Radbuza , it forms the Berounka in Pilsen . Its major left affluent is Hamerský potok and the right affluent is Úhlava . There are two water dams on the Mže , Luina and Hracholusky , both in the Tachov district . The basin area of the Mže is 1,828.6 km² .', 'Mähring']
['bor', 'municipality of', 'mähring', 'Bor ( German : Haid ) is a town in the Pilsen Region of the Czech Republic . It lies some 50 km ( 30 mi ) to the west from the region capital of Pilsen . It is also the seat of the Municipality with Commissioned Local Authority within the Tachov Municipality with Extended Competence .', 'Tachov Municipality']
['bor', 'where is', 'tachov municipality', 'The Mže is a 107 km long river in the Czech Republic . Its source is situated in the Griesbach Forest ( 726 metres ) , Germany , near the village of Asch , in the municipality of Mähring , Tirschenreuth district . It forms the state boundary for a short distance of 3 kilometers and then finally enters Czech territory . It passes through the towns of Tachov and Stíbro . At the confluence with the Radbuza , it forms the Berounka in Pilsen . Its major left affluent is Hamerský potok and the right affluent is Úhlava . There are two water dams on the Mže , Luina and Hracholusky , both in the Tachov district . The basin area of the Mže is 1,828.6 km² .', 'Mähring , Tirschenreuth district']
['bor', 'municipality of', 'mähring , tirschenreuth district', 'The Mže is a 107 km long river in the Czech Republic . Its source is situated in the Griesbach Forest ( 726 metres ) , Germany , near the village of Asch , in the municipality of Mähring , Tirschenreuth district . It forms the state boundary for a short distance of 3 kilometers and then finally enters Czech territory . It passes through the towns of Tachov and Stíbro . At the confluence with the Radbuza , it forms the Berounka in Pilsen . Its major left affluent is Hamerský potok and the right affluent is Úhlava . There are two water dams on the Mže , Luina and Hracholusky , both in the Tachov district . The basin area of the Mže is 1,828.6 km² .', 'Germany']
['bor', 'where is', 'germany', "Germany , officially the Federal Republic of Germany , is a federal parliamentary republic in central-western Europe . It includes 16 constituent states , covers an area of , and has a largely temperate seasonal climate . With about 82 million inhabitants , Germany is the most populous member state of the European Union . After the United States , it is the second most popular immigration destination in the world . Germany 's capital and largest metropolis is Berlin . Other major cities include Hamburg , Munich , Cologne , Frankfurt , Stuttgart and Düsseldorf .", 'central-western Europe']
['bor', 'located', 'central-western europe', "Central Europe lies between Eastern Europe and Western Europe . The concept of Central Europe is based on a common historical , social and cultural identity . Central Europe is going through a phase of `` strategic awakening '' , with initiatives such as the CEI , Centrope or V4 . While the region 's economy shows high disparities with regard to income , all Central European countries are listed by the Human Development Index as very highly developed .", 'Eastern Europe']
['bor', 'where is', 'eastern europe', "Central Europe lies between Eastern Europe and Western Europe . The concept of Central Europe is based on a common historical , social and cultural identity . Central Europe is going through a phase of `` strategic awakening '' , with initiatives such as the CEI , Centrope or V4 . While the region 's economy shows high disparities with regard to income , all Central European countries are listed by the Human Development Index as very highly developed .", 'Central Europe']
['bor', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'central europe', "Central Europe lies between Eastern Europe and Western Europe . The concept of Central Europe is based on a common historical , social and cultural identity . Central Europe is going through a phase of `` strategic awakening '' , with initiatives such as the CEI , Centrope or V4 . While the region 's economy shows high disparities with regard to income , all Central European countries are listed by the Human Development Index as very highly developed .", 'social and cultural identity']
['bor', 'where is', 'social and cultural identity', "Central Europe lies between Eastern Europe and Western Europe . The concept of Central Europe is based on a common historical , social and cultural identity . Central Europe is going through a phase of `` strategic awakening '' , with initiatives such as the CEI , Centrope or V4 . While the region 's economy shows high disparities with regard to income , all Central European countries are listed by the Human Development Index as very highly developed .", 'Central Europe']
['bor', 'located', 'central europe', "Silesia ( or ; Silesian German : `` Schläsing '' Silesian : `` lnsk '' ) is a region of Central Europe located mostly in Poland , with small parts in the Czech Republic and Germany . Its area is about , and its population about 8,000,000 . Silesia is located along the Oder river . It consists of Lower Silesia and Upper Silesia .", 'Poland']
['bor', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'poland', 'Poland , officially the Republic of Poland , is a country in Central Europe , situated between the Baltic Sea in the north and two mountain ranges ( the Sudetes and Carpathian Mountains ) in the south . Bordered by Germany to the west ; the Czech Republic and Slovakia to the south ; Ukraine and Belarus to the east ; and the Baltic Sea , Kaliningrad Oblast ( a Russian exclave ) and Lithuania to the north . The total area of Poland is , making it the 69th largest country in the world and the 9th largest in Europe . With a population of over 38.5 million people , Poland is the 34th most populous country in the world , the 8th most populous country in Europe and the sixth most populous member of the European Union . Poland is a unitary state divided into 16 administrative subdivisions , and its capital and largest city is Warsaw . Other metropolises include Kraków , Wrocaw , Pozna , Gdask and Szczecin .', 'two mountain ranges']
['bor', 'municipality of', 'two mountain ranges', 'Bor ( German : Haid ) is a town in the Pilsen Region of the Czech Republic . It lies some 50 km ( 30 mi ) to the west from the region capital of Pilsen . It is also the seat of the Municipality with Commissioned Local Authority within the Tachov Municipality with Extended Competence .', 'Tachov Municipality']
['bor', 'located', 'tachov municipality', 'Bor ( German : Haid ) is a town in the Pilsen Region of the Czech Republic . It lies some 50 km ( 30 mi ) to the west from the region capital of Pilsen . It is also the seat of the Municipality with Commissioned Local Authority within the Tachov Municipality with Extended Competence .', 'Tachov Municipality with Extended Competence .']
['bor', 'municipality of', 'tachov municipality with extended competence .', 'Bor ( German : Haid ) is a town in the Pilsen Region of the Czech Republic . It lies some 50 km ( 30 mi ) to the west from the region capital of Pilsen . It is also the seat of the Municipality with Commissioned Local Authority within the Tachov Municipality with Extended Competence .', 'Tachov Municipality']
['tereszpol-zygmunty', 'where is', 'tereszpol-zygmunty', 'Tereszpol - Zygmunty ( trpl zmunt ) is a village in the administrative district of Nuuk , within Bigoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately 3 kilometres ( 2 mi ) south - east of Tereszpol , 13 km ( 8 mi ) east of Bigoraj , and 80 km ( 50 mi ) south of the regional capital Lublin . The village has a population of 766 .', 'the administrative district of Nuuk']
['tereszpol-zygmunty', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'tereszpol-zygmunty', 'Tereszpol - Zygmunty ( trpl zmunt ) is a village in the administrative district of Nuuk , within Bigoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately 3 kilometres ( 2 mi ) south - east of Tereszpol , 13 km ( 8 mi ) east of Bigoraj , and 80 km ( 50 mi ) south of the regional capital Lublin . The village has a population of 766 .', 'south - east']
['tereszpol-zygmunty', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'south - east', 'Tereszpol - Zygmunty ( trpl zmunt ) is a village in the administrative district of Nuuk , within Bigoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately 3 kilometres ( 2 mi ) south - east of Tereszpol , 13 km ( 8 mi ) east of Bigoraj , and 80 km ( 50 mi ) south of the regional capital Lublin . The village has a population of 766 .', 'east of Bigoraj']
['tereszpol-zygmunty', 'where is', 'east of bigoraj', 'Bigoraj County is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Lublin Voivodeship , eastern Poland . It was established on January 1 , 1999 , as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998 . Its administrative seat and largest town is Bigoraj , which lies south of the regional capital Lublin . The county contains three other towns : Tarnogród , lying south of Bigoraj , Józefów , lying east of Bigoraj , and Frampol , north of Bigoraj .', 'Lublin']
['tereszpol-zygmunty', 'where is', 'lublin', "Lublin ( , `` Lublin '' , ) is the ninth largest city in Poland and the second largest city of Lesser Poland . It is the capital and the center of Lublin Voivodeship ( `` province '' ) with a population of 349,103 ( March 2011 ) . Lublin is the largest Polish city east of the Vistula River , and is located approximately to the southeast of Warsaw .", 'ninth largest city in Poland']
['tereszpol-zygmunty', 'where is', 'ninth largest city in poland', "Lublin ( , `` Lublin '' , ) is the ninth largest city in Poland and the second largest city of Lesser Poland . It is the capital and the center of Lublin Voivodeship ( `` province '' ) with a population of 349,103 ( March 2011 ) . Lublin is the largest Polish city east of the Vistula River , and is located approximately to the southeast of Warsaw .", 'Lublin']
['tereszpol-zygmunty', 'municipality of', 'lublin', "Sermersooq ( `` Place of Much Ice '' ) is a new municipality in Greenland , operational from 1 January 2009 . It is home to Nuuk ( formerly called Godthåb ) , the capital of Greenland , and is the most populous municipality in the country , with 21,868 inhabitants as of January 2013 . The municipality consists of former municipalities of eastern and southwestern Greenland , each named after the largest settlement at the time of formation :", 'Nuuk']
['tereszpol-zygmunty', 'municipality of', 'nuuk', "Sermersooq ( `` Place of Much Ice '' ) is a new municipality in Greenland , operational from 1 January 2009 . It is home to Nuuk ( formerly called Godthåb ) , the capital of Greenland , and is the most populous municipality in the country , with 21,868 inhabitants as of January 2013 . The municipality consists of former municipalities of eastern and southwestern Greenland , each named after the largest settlement at the time of formation :", 'Godthåb']
['tereszpol-zygmunty', 'municipality of', 'godthåb', "Sermersooq ( `` Place of Much Ice '' ) is a new municipality in Greenland , operational from 1 January 2009 . It is home to Nuuk ( formerly called Godthåb ) , the capital of Greenland , and is the most populous municipality in the country , with 21,868 inhabitants as of January 2013 . The municipality consists of former municipalities of eastern and southwestern Greenland , each named after the largest settlement at the time of formation :", 'Nuuk']
['tereszpol-zygmunty', 'municipality of', 'nuuk', "Nuuk is the capital and largest city of Greenland . It is the seat of government and the country 's largest cultural and economic centre . The major cities closest to the capital are Iqaluit and St . John 's in Canada and Reykjavík in Iceland . Nuuk contains almost a quarter of Greenland 's population , and also has the tallest building in Greenland . Nuuk is the seat of government for the Sermersooq municipality . In January 2016 , it had a population of 17,316 , making it one of the smallest capital cities in the world by population .", 'Sermersooq']
['tereszpol-zygmunty', 'municipality of', 'sermersooq', "Sermersooq ( `` Place of Much Ice '' ) is a new municipality in Greenland , operational from 1 January 2009 . It is home to Nuuk ( formerly called Godthåb ) , the capital of Greenland , and is the most populous municipality in the country , with 21,868 inhabitants as of January 2013 . The municipality consists of former municipalities of eastern and southwestern Greenland , each named after the largest settlement at the time of formation :", 'Greenland']
['tereszpol-zygmunty', 'municipality of', 'greenland', "Sermersooq ( `` Place of Much Ice '' ) is a new municipality in Greenland , operational from 1 January 2009 . It is home to Nuuk ( formerly called Godthåb ) , the capital of Greenland , and is the most populous municipality in the country , with 21,868 inhabitants as of January 2013 . The municipality consists of former municipalities of eastern and southwestern Greenland , each named after the largest settlement at the time of formation :", 'Nuuk']
['tereszpol-zygmunty', 'municipality of', 'nuuk', 'Tereszpol - Zygmunty ( trpl zmunt ) is a village in the administrative district of Nuuk , within Bigoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately 3 kilometres ( 2 mi ) south - east of Tereszpol , 13 km ( 8 mi ) east of Bigoraj , and 80 km ( 50 mi ) south of the regional capital Lublin . The village has a population of 766 .', 'Poland']
['tereszpol-zygmunty', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'poland', "Lesser Poland ( Polish : `` Maopolska '' , Latin : `` Polonia Minor '' ) is a historical region ( `` dzielnica '' ) of Poland ; its capital is the city of Kraków .", 'historical region']
['tereszpol-zygmunty', 'municipality of', 'historical region', "Lesser Poland ( Polish : `` Maopolska '' , Latin : `` Polonia Minor '' ) is a historical region ( `` dzielnica '' ) of Poland ; its capital is the city of Kraków .", 'Poland ; its capital is the city of Kraków']
['tereszpol-zygmunty', 'municipality of', 'poland ; its capital is the city of kraków', "Lesser Poland ( Polish : `` Maopolska '' , Latin : `` Polonia Minor '' ) is a historical region ( `` dzielnica '' ) of Poland ; its capital is the city of Kraków .", 'Lesser Poland']
['tereszpol-zygmunty', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'lesser poland', "Lesser Poland ( Polish : `` Maopolska '' , Latin : `` Polonia Minor '' ) is a historical region ( `` dzielnica '' ) of Poland ; its capital is the city of Kraków .", 'historical region']
['tereszpol-zygmunty', 'where is', 'historical region', "Lesser Poland ( Polish : `` Maopolska '' , Latin : `` Polonia Minor '' ) is a historical region ( `` dzielnica '' ) of Poland ; its capital is the city of Kraków .", 'Poland']
['tereszpol-zygmunty', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'poland', "Lublin ( , `` Lublin '' , ) is the ninth largest city in Poland and the second largest city of Lesser Poland . It is the capital and the center of Lublin Voivodeship ( `` province '' ) with a population of 349,103 ( March 2011 ) . Lublin is the largest Polish city east of the Vistula River , and is located approximately to the southeast of Warsaw .", 'Lesser']
['tereszpol-zygmunty', 'located', 'lesser', "Bigoraj ( `` Bilgoray '' ) is a town in south-eastern Poland with about 27,100 inhabitants ( 2014 ) . Since 1999 it has been situated in Lublin Voivodeship ; it was previously in Zamo Voivodeship ( 19751998 ) . It is located south of Lublin and it is also the capital of Bigoraj County . Historically , the town belongs to Lesser Poland , and is located in southeastern corner of the province , near the border with another historic land , Red Ruthenia . Bigoraj is surrounded by forest , with three rivers flowing through it .", 'southeastern corner of the province , near the border with another historic land , Red Ruthenia']
['tereszpol-zygmunty', 'municipality of', 'southeastern corner of the province , near the border with another historic land , red ruthenia', "Bigoraj ( `` Bilgoray '' ) is a town in south-eastern Poland with about 27,100 inhabitants ( 2014 ) . Since 1999 it has been situated in Lublin Voivodeship ; it was previously in Zamo Voivodeship ( 19751998 ) . It is located south of Lublin and it is also the capital of Bigoraj County . Historically , the town belongs to Lesser Poland , and is located in southeastern corner of the province , near the border with another historic land , Red Ruthenia . Bigoraj is surrounded by forest , with three rivers flowing through it .", 'southeastern']
['tereszpol-zygmunty', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'southeastern', 'Zamo ( Yiddish : Zamoshtsh ) is a city in southeastern Poland , situated in the southern part of Lublin Voivodeship ( since 1999 ) , about from Lublin , from Warsaw and from the border with Ukraine . In 2014 , the population was 65,149 .', 'border with Ukraine .']
['tereszpol-zygmunty', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'border with ukraine .', "Chem ( , meaning `` a hill '' ) is a city in eastern Poland with 67,702 inhabitants ( 2007 ) . It is located to the south-east of Lublin , north of Zamo and south of Biaa Podlaska , some from the border with Ukraine . Chem used to be the capital of the Chem Voivodeship until it became part of the Lublin Voivodeship in 1999 .", 'some from the border with Ukraine . Chem']
['tereszpol-zygmunty', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'some from the border with ukraine . chem', "Chem ( , meaning `` a hill '' ) is a city in eastern Poland with 67,702 inhabitants ( 2007 ) . It is located to the south-east of Lublin , north of Zamo and south of Biaa Podlaska , some from the border with Ukraine . Chem used to be the capital of the Chem Voivodeship until it became part of the Lublin Voivodeship in 1999 .", 'north of Zamo and south of Biaa Podlaska']
['tereszpol-zygmunty', 'municipality of', 'north of zamo and south of biaa podlaska', "Chem ( , meaning `` a hill '' ) is a city in eastern Poland with 67,702 inhabitants ( 2007 ) . It is located to the south-east of Lublin , north of Zamo and south of Biaa Podlaska , some from the border with Ukraine . Chem used to be the capital of the Chem Voivodeship until it became part of the Lublin Voivodeship in 1999 .", 'Lublin']
['tereszpol-zygmunty', 'located', 'lublin', "Lublin ( , `` Lublin '' , ) is the ninth largest city in Poland and the second largest city of Lesser Poland . It is the capital and the center of Lublin Voivodeship ( `` province '' ) with a population of 349,103 ( March 2011 ) . Lublin is the largest Polish city east of the Vistula River , and is located approximately to the southeast of Warsaw .", 'the southeast of Warsaw']
['danesfield house', 'where is', 'danesfield house', 'Danesfield House in Medmenham , near Marlow , Buckinghamshire , England , in the Chiltern Hills is a former country house now used as a hotel and spa . The house stands on a plateau which shelves steeply down to the River Thames to the south .', 'Medmenham , near Marlow , Buckinghamshire , England']
['danesfield house', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'danesfield house', 'Danesfield House in Medmenham , near Marlow , Buckinghamshire , England , in the Chiltern Hills is a former country house now used as a hotel and spa . The house stands on a plateau which shelves steeply down to the River Thames to the south .', 'hotel and spa']
['danesfield house', 'municipality of', 'hotel and spa', 'Danesfield House in Medmenham , near Marlow , Buckinghamshire , England , in the Chiltern Hills is a former country house now used as a hotel and spa . The house stands on a plateau which shelves steeply down to the River Thames to the south .', 'Chiltern Hills']
['danesfield house', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'chiltern hills', "The Chiltern Hills form a chalk escarpment in South East England . They are known locally as `` the Chilterns '' . A large portion of the hills was designated officially as an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty in 1965 .", 'chalk escarpment']
['danesfield house', 'municipality of', 'chalk escarpment', "The Chiltern Hills form a chalk escarpment in South East England . They are known locally as `` the Chilterns '' . A large portion of the hills was designated officially as an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty in 1965 .", 'Chiltern Hills']
['danesfield house', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'chiltern hills', 'Danesfield House in Medmenham , near Marlow , Buckinghamshire , England , in the Chiltern Hills is a former country house now used as a hotel and spa . The house stands on a plateau which shelves steeply down to the River Thames to the south .', 'former country house now used as a hotel and spa']
['danesfield house', 'where is', 'former country house now used as a hotel and spa', 'Danesfield House in Medmenham , near Marlow , Buckinghamshire , England , in the Chiltern Hills is a former country house now used as a hotel and spa . The house stands on a plateau which shelves steeply down to the River Thames to the south .', 'Chiltern Hills']
['danesfield house', 'located', 'chiltern hills', "The Chiltern Hills form a chalk escarpment in South East England . They are known locally as `` the Chilterns '' . A large portion of the hills was designated officially as an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty in 1965 .", 'South East England']
['danesfield house', 'where is', 'south east england', 'Buckinghamshire ( or ) , abbreviated Bucks , is a county in South East England which borders Greater London to the south east , Berkshire to the south , Oxfordshire to the west , Northamptonshire to the north , Bedfordshire to the north east and Hertfordshire to the east .', 'Greater London']
['danesfield house', 'located', 'greater london', "London is the capital and most populous city of England and the United Kingdom , as well as the most populous city proper in the European Union . Standing on the River Thames in the south east of the island of Great Britain , London has been a major settlement for two millennia . It was founded by the Romans , who named it `` Londinium '' . London 's ancient core , the City of London , largely retains its medieval boundaries . Since at least the 19th century , `` London '' has also referred to the metropolis around this core , historically split between Middlesex , Essex , Surrey , Kent , and Hertfordshire , which today largely makes up Greater London , governed by the Mayor of London and the London Assembly .", 'Mayor']
['danesfield house', 'located', 'mayor', 'Marlow ( historically Great Marlow or Chipping Marlow ) is a town and civil parish within Wycombe district in south Buckinghamshire , England . It is located on the River Thames , 4 miles ( 6.5 km ) south-southwest of High Wycombe , 5 miles ( 8 km ) west-northwest of Maidenhead and 33 miles ( 53 km ) west of central London .', 'River Thames']
['danesfield house', 'where is', 'river thames', 'The River Thames is a river that flows through southern England . At , it is the longest river entirely in England and the second longest in the United Kingdom , after the River Severn . It also flows through Oxford ( where it is called Isis ) , Reading , Henley-on-Thames and Windsor . The lower reaches of the river are called the Tideway , derived from its long tidal reach up to Teddington Lock . It rises at Thames Head in Gloucestershire , and flows into the North Sea via the Thames Estuary . The Thames drains the whole of Greater London .', 'southern England']
['danesfield house', 'municipality of', 'southern england', 'Southern England , or the South of England , also known as the South , refers roughly to the southern counties of England . The extent of this area can take a number of different interpretations depending on the context , including geographical , cultural , political and economic .', 'Southern England , or the South of England']
['danesfield house', 'located', 'southern england , or the south of england', 'Southern England , or the South of England , also known as the South , refers roughly to the southern counties of England . The extent of this area can take a number of different interpretations depending on the context , including geographical , cultural , political and economic .', 'southern']
['danesfield house', 'municipality of', 'southern', 'Southern England , or the South of England , also known as the South , refers roughly to the southern counties of England . The extent of this area can take a number of different interpretations depending on the context , including geographical , cultural , political and economic .', 'England']
['danesfield house', 'where is', 'england', 'The River Thames is a river that flows through southern England . At , it is the longest river entirely in England and the second longest in the United Kingdom , after the River Severn . It also flows through Oxford ( where it is called Isis ) , Reading , Henley-on-Thames and Windsor . The lower reaches of the river are called the Tideway , derived from its long tidal reach up to Teddington Lock . It rises at Thames Head in Gloucestershire , and flows into the North Sea via the Thames Estuary . The Thames drains the whole of Greater London .', 'The River Thames']
['danesfield house', 'where is', 'the river thames', 'The River Thames is a river that flows through southern England . At , it is the longest river entirely in England and the second longest in the United Kingdom , after the River Severn . It also flows through Oxford ( where it is called Isis ) , Reading , Henley-on-Thames and Windsor . The lower reaches of the river are called the Tideway , derived from its long tidal reach up to Teddington Lock . It rises at Thames Head in Gloucestershire , and flows into the North Sea via the Thames Estuary . The Thames drains the whole of Greater London .', 'southern England']
['danesfield house', 'located', 'southern england', 'Southern England , or the South of England , also known as the South , refers roughly to the southern counties of England . The extent of this area can take a number of different interpretations depending on the context , including geographical , cultural , political and economic .', 'South of England , also known as the South']
['danesfield house', 'municipality of', 'south of england , also known as the south', 'Southern England , or the South of England , also known as the South , refers roughly to the southern counties of England . The extent of this area can take a number of different interpretations depending on the context , including geographical , cultural , political and economic .', 'the South']
['danesfield house', 'municipality of', 'the south', 'The Thames Estuary is the estuary in which the River Thames meets the waters of the North Sea , in the south-east of Great Britain .', 'Great Britain']
['danesfield house', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'great britain', 'The Thames Estuary is the estuary in which the River Thames meets the waters of the North Sea , in the south-east of Great Britain .', 'south-east']
['danesfield house', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'south-east', 'Buckinghamshire ( or ) , abbreviated Bucks , is a county in South East England which borders Greater London to the south east , Berkshire to the south , Oxfordshire to the west , Northamptonshire to the north , Bedfordshire to the north east and Hertfordshire to the east .', 'north east']
['danesfield house', 'municipality of', 'north east', 'Buckinghamshire ( or ) , abbreviated Bucks , is a county in South East England which borders Greater London to the south east , Berkshire to the south , Oxfordshire to the west , Northamptonshire to the north , Bedfordshire to the north east and Hertfordshire to the east .', 'South East England']
['danesfield house', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'south east england', 'Buckinghamshire ( or ) , abbreviated Bucks , is a county in South East England which borders Greater London to the south east , Berkshire to the south , Oxfordshire to the west , Northamptonshire to the north , Bedfordshire to the north east and Hertfordshire to the east .', 'north east']
['danesfield house', 'municipality of', 'north east', 'The Thames Estuary is the estuary in which the River Thames meets the waters of the North Sea , in the south-east of Great Britain .', 'south-east of Great Britain']
['danesfield house', 'where is', 'south-east of great britain', 'The Thames Estuary is the estuary in which the River Thames meets the waters of the North Sea , in the south-east of Great Britain .', 'The Thames Estuary']
['locorotondo', 'where is', 'locorotondo', "Locorotondo is a town and comune of the Metropolitan City of Bari , Apulia , southern Italy , with a population of about 14,000 . The city is known for its wines and for its circular structure which is now a historical center , from which derives its name , which means `` Round place '' . It is located in south - east Murgia , deep in the Itria Valley , dotted with white prehistoric roundhouses called trulli . Locorotondo is listed as one of most beautiful villages in Italy .", 'town and comune of the Metropolitan City of Bari , Apulia , southern Italy']
['locorotondo', 'municipality of', 'locorotondo', "A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws , to which it is subordinate . It is to be distinguished from the county , which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns , villages and hamlets . The term `` municipality '' may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality . A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision , as opposed to a special-purpose district . The term is derived from French `` municipalité '' and Latin `` municipalis '' .", 'the county']
['locorotondo', 'where is', 'the county', 'Switzerland , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a federal republic in Europe . It consists of 26 cantons , and the city of Bern is the seat of the federal authorities . The country is situated in Western-Central Europe , and is bordered by Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany to the north , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east . Switzerland is a landlocked country geographically divided between the Alps , the Swiss Plateau and the Jura , spanning an area of . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory , the Swiss population of approximately eight million people is concentrated mostly on the plateau , where the largest cities are to be found : among them are the two global cities and economic centres Zürich and Geneva .', 'Bern']
['locorotondo', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'bern', 'Switzerland , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a federal republic in Europe . It consists of 26 cantons , and the city of Bern is the seat of the federal authorities . The country is situated in Western-Central Europe , and is bordered by Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany to the north , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east . Switzerland is a landlocked country geographically divided between the Alps , the Swiss Plateau and the Jura , spanning an area of . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory , the Swiss population of approximately eight million people is concentrated mostly on the plateau , where the largest cities are to be found : among them are the two global cities and economic centres Zürich and Geneva .', 'federal authorities']
['locorotondo', 'located', 'federal authorities', 'Switzerland , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a federal republic in Europe . It consists of 26 cantons , and the city of Bern is the seat of the federal authorities . The country is situated in Western-Central Europe , and is bordered by Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany to the north , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east . Switzerland is a landlocked country geographically divided between the Alps , the Swiss Plateau and the Jura , spanning an area of . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory , the Swiss population of approximately eight million people is concentrated mostly on the plateau , where the largest cities are to be found : among them are the two global cities and economic centres Zürich and Geneva .', 'Western-Central Europe']
['locorotondo', 'municipality of', 'western-central europe', "A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws , to which it is subordinate . It is to be distinguished from the county , which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns , villages and hamlets . The term `` municipality '' may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality . A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision , as opposed to a special-purpose district . The term is derived from French `` municipalité '' and Latin `` municipalis '' .", 'rural territory']
['locorotondo', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'rural territory', "The word township is used to refer to various kinds of settlements in different countries . While a `` township '' may be associated with an urban area , there are many exceptions to this rule . In Australia , Canada , and the United States , they may be settlements too small to be considered urban . Australia . In Australia , the designation of `` township '' traditionally refers to a small town or a small community in a rural district ; such a place in Britain might qualify as a village or a hamlet . The term refers purely to the settlement ; it does not refer to a unit of government ; townships are governed as part of a larger ( e.g . , shire or city ) council .", 'small town or a small community']
['locorotondo', 'municipality of', 'small town or a small community', "The word township is used to refer to various kinds of settlements in different countries . While a `` township '' may be associated with an urban area , there are many exceptions to this rule . In Australia , Canada , and the United States , they may be settlements too small to be considered urban . Australia . In Australia , the designation of `` township '' traditionally refers to a small town or a small community in a rural district ; such a place in Britain might qualify as a village or a hamlet . The term refers purely to the settlement ; it does not refer to a unit of government ; townships are governed as part of a larger ( e.g . , shire or city ) council .", 'Australia']
['locorotondo', 'municipality of', 'australia', "A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws , to which it is subordinate . It is to be distinguished from the county , which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns , villages and hamlets . The term `` municipality '' may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality . A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision , as opposed to a special-purpose district . The term is derived from French `` municipalité '' and Latin `` municipalis '' .", 'the county']
['locorotondo', 'located', 'the county', "The Adriatic Sea is a body of water separating the Italian Peninsula from the Balkan peninsula and the Apennine Mountains from the Dinaric Alps and adjacent ranges . The Adriatic is the northernmost arm of the Mediterranean Sea , extending from the Strait of Otranto ( where it connects to the Ionian Sea ) to the northwest and the Po Valley . The countries with coasts on the Adriatic are Albania , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Croatia , Greece , Italy , Montenegro and Slovenia . The Adriatic contains over 1,300 islands , mostly located along its eastern , Croatian , coast . It is divided into three basins , the northern being the shallowest and the southern being the deepest , with a maximum depth of . The Otranto Sill , an underwater ridge , is located at the border between the Adriatic and Ionian Seas . The prevailing currents flow counterclockwise from the Strait of Otranto , along the eastern coast and back to the strait along the western ( Italian ) coast . Tidal movements in the Adriatic are slight , although larger amplitudes are known to occur occasionally . The Adriatic 's salinity is lower than the Mediterranean 's because the Adriatic collects a third of the fresh water flowing into the Mediterranean , acting as a dilution basin . The surface water temperatures generally range from in summer to in winter , significantly moderating the Adriatic Basin 's climate .", 'the deepest , with a maximum depth of . The Otranto Sill']
['locorotondo', 'located', 'the deepest , with a maximum depth of . the otranto sill', "The Adriatic Sea is a body of water separating the Italian Peninsula from the Balkan peninsula and the Apennine Mountains from the Dinaric Alps and adjacent ranges . The Adriatic is the northernmost arm of the Mediterranean Sea , extending from the Strait of Otranto ( where it connects to the Ionian Sea ) to the northwest and the Po Valley . The countries with coasts on the Adriatic are Albania , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Croatia , Greece , Italy , Montenegro and Slovenia . The Adriatic contains over 1,300 islands , mostly located along its eastern , Croatian , coast . It is divided into three basins , the northern being the shallowest and the southern being the deepest , with a maximum depth of . The Otranto Sill , an underwater ridge , is located at the border between the Adriatic and Ionian Seas . The prevailing currents flow counterclockwise from the Strait of Otranto , along the eastern coast and back to the strait along the western ( Italian ) coast . Tidal movements in the Adriatic are slight , although larger amplitudes are known to occur occasionally . The Adriatic 's salinity is lower than the Mediterranean 's because the Adriatic collects a third of the fresh water flowing into the Mediterranean , acting as a dilution basin . The surface water temperatures generally range from in summer to in winter , significantly moderating the Adriatic Basin 's climate .", 'the southern']
['locorotondo', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'the southern', "Salento ( Salentu in the Salentino dialect ) is a geographic region at the southern end of the administrative region of Apulia in Southern Italy . It is a sub-peninsula of the Italian Peninsula , sometimes described as the `` heel '' of the Italian `` boot '' .", "heel '' of the Italian `` boot"]
['locorotondo', 'located', "heel '' of the italian `` boot", "Salento ( Salentu in the Salentino dialect ) is a geographic region at the southern end of the administrative region of Apulia in Southern Italy . It is a sub-peninsula of the Italian Peninsula , sometimes described as the `` heel '' of the Italian `` boot '' .", 'Salento']
['locorotondo', 'municipality of', 'salento', "A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws , to which it is subordinate . It is to be distinguished from the county , which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns , villages and hamlets . The term `` municipality '' may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality . A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision , as opposed to a special-purpose district . The term is derived from French `` municipalité '' and Latin `` municipalis '' .", "French `` municipalité '' and Latin"]
['locorotondo', 'municipality of', "french `` municipalité '' and latin", "A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws , to which it is subordinate . It is to be distinguished from the county , which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns , villages and hamlets . The term `` municipality '' may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality . A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision , as opposed to a special-purpose district . The term is derived from French `` municipalité '' and Latin `` municipalis '' .", 'French']
['locorotondo', 'municipality of', 'french', "A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws , to which it is subordinate . It is to be distinguished from the county , which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns , villages and hamlets . The term `` municipality '' may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality . A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision , as opposed to a special-purpose district . The term is derived from French `` municipalité '' and Latin `` municipalis '' .", 'Latin']
['locorotondo', 'where is', 'latin', "The Gulf of Taranto ( Italian : `` Golfo di Taranto '' , Latin : `` Sinus Tarentinus '' ) is a gulf of the Ionian Sea , in Southern Italy .", 'gulf of the Ionian Sea , in Southern Italy']
['locorotondo', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'gulf of the ionian sea , in southern italy', "The Gulf of Taranto ( Italian : `` Golfo di Taranto '' , Latin : `` Sinus Tarentinus '' ) is a gulf of the Ionian Sea , in Southern Italy .", "Sinus Tarentinus '' )"]
['locorotondo', 'municipality of', "sinus tarentinus '' )", "The Gulf of Taranto ( Italian : `` Golfo di Taranto '' , Latin : `` Sinus Tarentinus '' ) is a gulf of the Ionian Sea , in Southern Italy .", 'Ionian Sea , in Southern Italy']
['locorotondo', 'municipality of', 'ionian sea , in southern italy', 'The Ionian Sea ( , , ) is an elongated embayment of the Mediterranean Sea , south of the Adriatic Sea . It is bounded by southern Italy including Calabria , Sicily , and the Salento peninsula to the west , southern Albania to the north , and the west coast of Greece .', 'southern Albania']
['locorotondo', 'located', 'southern albania', 'The Ionian Sea ( , , ) is an elongated embayment of the Mediterranean Sea , south of the Adriatic Sea . It is bounded by southern Italy including Calabria , Sicily , and the Salento peninsula to the west , southern Albania to the north , and the west coast of Greece .', 'north']
['locorotondo', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'north', "Cisternino is a `` comune '' in the province of Brindisi in Apulia , on the coast of south-eastern Italy , approximately north-west of the city of Brindisi . Its main economic activities are tourism , the growing of olives and grapes , and dairy farming .", 'tourism , the growing of olives and grapes , and dairy farming']
['locorotondo', 'where is', 'tourism , the growing of olives and grapes , and dairy farming', "Cisternino is a `` comune '' in the province of Brindisi in Apulia , on the coast of south-eastern Italy , approximately north-west of the city of Brindisi . Its main economic activities are tourism , the growing of olives and grapes , and dairy farming .", 'the coast of south-eastern Italy']
['locorotondo', 'located', 'the coast of south-eastern italy', "Cisternino is a `` comune '' in the province of Brindisi in Apulia , on the coast of south-eastern Italy , approximately north-west of the city of Brindisi . Its main economic activities are tourism , the growing of olives and grapes , and dairy farming .", 'Brindisi']
['locorotondo', 'where is', 'brindisi', 'The Province of Brindisi is a province in the Apulia region of Italy . Its capital is the city of Brindisi . It has an area of and a total population of 401,652 ( 2013 ) .', 'Apulia region of Italy']
['locorotondo', 'located', 'apulia region of italy', "Ceglie Messapica ( Salentino : `` Cégghie '' ) is a town and `` comune '' located in the province of Brindisi and region of Apulia , in southern Italy , in the traditional area called Salento .", 'southern']
['kleblach-lind', 'where is', 'kleblach-lind', 'Kleblach - Lind is a town in the district of Spittal an der Drau in the Austrian state of Carinthia .', 'district of Spittal an der Drau']
['kleblach-lind', 'municipality of', 'kleblach-lind', 'Kleblach - Lind is a town in the district of Spittal an der Drau in the Austrian state of Carinthia .', 'Spittal an der Drau']
['kleblach-lind', 'municipality of', 'spittal an der drau', "Spittal an der Drau is a town in the western part of the Austrian federal state of Carinthia . It is the administrative centre of Spittal an der Drau District , Austria 's second largest district ( `` Bezirk '' ) by area .", 'Austria']
['kleblach-lind', 'located', 'austria', "Bezirk Spittal an der Drau is an administrative district ( `` Bezirk '' ) in the state of Carinthia , Austria .", 'Bezirk Spittal an der Drau']
['kleblach-lind', 'where is', 'bezirk spittal an der drau', "Bezirk Spittal an der Drau is an administrative district ( `` Bezirk '' ) in the state of Carinthia , Austria .", 'Carinthia , Austria']
['kleblach-lind', 'municipality of', 'carinthia , austria', "Bezirk Spittal an der Drau is an administrative district ( `` Bezirk '' ) in the state of Carinthia , Austria .", 'Bezirk Spittal']
['kleblach-lind', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'bezirk spittal', "Bezirk Spittal an der Drau is an administrative district ( `` Bezirk '' ) in the state of Carinthia , Austria .", "administrative district ( `` Bezirk '' )"]
['kleblach-lind', 'municipality of', "administrative district ( `` bezirk '' )", "Bezirk Spittal an der Drau is an administrative district ( `` Bezirk '' ) in the state of Carinthia , Austria .", 'Carinthia , Austria']
['kleblach-lind', 'municipality of', 'carinthia , austria', "Spittal an der Drau is a town in the western part of the Austrian federal state of Carinthia . It is the administrative centre of Spittal an der Drau District , Austria 's second largest district ( `` Bezirk '' ) by area .", "Spittal an der Drau District , Austria 's second largest district"]
['kleblach-lind', 'where is', "spittal an der drau district , austria 's second largest district", "Spittal an der Drau is a town in the western part of the Austrian federal state of Carinthia . It is the administrative centre of Spittal an der Drau District , Austria 's second largest district ( `` Bezirk '' ) by area .", 'the western part of the Austrian federal state of Carinthia']
['kleblach-lind', 'municipality of', 'the western part of the austrian federal state of carinthia', "Spittal an der Drau is a town in the western part of the Austrian federal state of Carinthia . It is the administrative centre of Spittal an der Drau District , Austria 's second largest district ( `` Bezirk '' ) by area .", 'Spittal an der Drau']
['kleblach-lind', 'municipality of', 'spittal an der drau', "Bezirk Spittal an der Drau is an administrative district ( `` Bezirk '' ) in the state of Carinthia , Austria .", 'Carinthia , Austria']
['kleblach-lind', 'located', 'carinthia , austria', "Bezirk Spittal an der Drau is an administrative district ( `` Bezirk '' ) in the state of Carinthia , Austria .", 'Bezirk Spittal an der Drau']
['kleblach-lind', 'located', 'bezirk spittal an der drau', "Bezirk Spittal an der Drau is an administrative district ( `` Bezirk '' ) in the state of Carinthia , Austria .", 'Carinthia , Austria']
['kleblach-lind', 'where is', 'carinthia , austria', "Bezirk Spittal an der Drau is an administrative district ( `` Bezirk '' ) in the state of Carinthia , Austria .", 'Bezirk Spittal an der Drau']
['kleblach-lind', 'municipality of', 'bezirk spittal an der drau', "Bezirk Spittal an der Drau is an administrative district ( `` Bezirk '' ) in the state of Carinthia , Austria .", 'Carinthia , Austria']
['kleblach-lind', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'carinthia , austria', "Bezirk Spittal an der Drau is an administrative district ( `` Bezirk '' ) in the state of Carinthia , Austria .", "Bezirk Spittal an der Drau is an administrative district ( `` Bezirk '' )"]
['kleblach-lind', 'municipality of', "bezirk spittal an der drau is an administrative district ( `` bezirk '' )", "Bezirk Spittal an der Drau is an administrative district ( `` Bezirk '' ) in the state of Carinthia , Austria .", 'Carinthia , Austria']
['kleblach-lind', 'where is', 'carinthia , austria', "Spittal an der Drau is a town in the western part of the Austrian federal state of Carinthia . It is the administrative centre of Spittal an der Drau District , Austria 's second largest district ( `` Bezirk '' ) by area .", 'Spittal an der Drau']
['kleblach-lind', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'spittal an der drau', "Spittal an der Drau is a town in the western part of the Austrian federal state of Carinthia . It is the administrative centre of Spittal an der Drau District , Austria 's second largest district ( `` Bezirk '' ) by area .", 'administrative centre']
['kleblach-lind', 'where is', 'administrative centre', "Spittal an der Drau is a town in the western part of the Austrian federal state of Carinthia . It is the administrative centre of Spittal an der Drau District , Austria 's second largest district ( `` Bezirk '' ) by area .", 'Spittal an der Drau District']
['extraterrorestrial alien encounter', 'where is', 'extraterrorestrial alien encounter', "ExtraTERRORestrial Alien Encounter ( often abbreviated Alien Encounter ) was a `` theater - in - the - round '' attraction in the Tomorrowland section of the Magic Kingdom theme park at Walt Disney World Resort . It was a darkly humorous science - fiction experience that used binaural sound to achieve many of its effects . A warning outside the attraction 's entrance alerted guests that it was intense and unintended for children under the age of 12 . It opened briefly for previews on December 16 , 1994 , on the site of the former Mission to Mars attraction , but was ordered closed on January 12 , 1995 for retooling by then - Disney CEO Michael Eisner who deemed it was not intense enough . It opened officially on June 20 , 1995 as part of the Magic Kingdom 's New Tomorrowland . It closed permanently on October 12 , 2003 . The attraction was replaced by Stitch 's Great Escape ! , which uses much of the same technology and set pieces . While the ExtraTERRORestrial Alien Encounter was closed down permanently , it developed a cult following among Disney fans . Some praised it for its sophisticated tone , in contrast to other Tomorrowland attractions such as Space Mountain and Astro Orbiter .", 'Walt Disney World Resort']
['extraterrorestrial alien encounter', 'located', 'extraterrorestrial alien encounter', "ExtraTERRORestrial Alien Encounter ( often abbreviated Alien Encounter ) was a `` theater - in - the - round '' attraction in the Tomorrowland section of the Magic Kingdom theme park at Walt Disney World Resort . It was a darkly humorous science - fiction experience that used binaural sound to achieve many of its effects . A warning outside the attraction 's entrance alerted guests that it was intense and unintended for children under the age of 12 . It opened briefly for previews on December 16 , 1994 , on the site of the former Mission to Mars attraction , but was ordered closed on January 12 , 1995 for retooling by then - Disney CEO Michael Eisner who deemed it was not intense enough . It opened officially on June 20 , 1995 as part of the Magic Kingdom 's New Tomorrowland . It closed permanently on October 12 , 2003 . The attraction was replaced by Stitch 's Great Escape ! , which uses much of the same technology and set pieces . While the ExtraTERRORestrial Alien Encounter was closed down permanently , it developed a cult following among Disney fans . Some praised it for its sophisticated tone , in contrast to other Tomorrowland attractions such as Space Mountain and Astro Orbiter .", 'closed down permanently']
['extraterrorestrial alien encounter', 'located', 'closed down permanently', "ExtraTERRORestrial Alien Encounter ( often abbreviated Alien Encounter ) was a `` theater - in - the - round '' attraction in the Tomorrowland section of the Magic Kingdom theme park at Walt Disney World Resort . It was a darkly humorous science - fiction experience that used binaural sound to achieve many of its effects . A warning outside the attraction 's entrance alerted guests that it was intense and unintended for children under the age of 12 . It opened briefly for previews on December 16 , 1994 , on the site of the former Mission to Mars attraction , but was ordered closed on January 12 , 1995 for retooling by then - Disney CEO Michael Eisner who deemed it was not intense enough . It opened officially on June 20 , 1995 as part of the Magic Kingdom 's New Tomorrowland . It closed permanently on October 12 , 2003 . The attraction was replaced by Stitch 's Great Escape ! , which uses much of the same technology and set pieces . While the ExtraTERRORestrial Alien Encounter was closed down permanently , it developed a cult following among Disney fans . Some praised it for its sophisticated tone , in contrast to other Tomorrowland attractions such as Space Mountain and Astro Orbiter .", 'ExtraTERRORestrial Alien Encounter']
['extraterrorestrial alien encounter', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'extraterrorestrial alien encounter', "ExtraTERRORestrial Alien Encounter ( often abbreviated Alien Encounter ) was a `` theater - in - the - round '' attraction in the Tomorrowland section of the Magic Kingdom theme park at Walt Disney World Resort . It was a darkly humorous science - fiction experience that used binaural sound to achieve many of its effects . A warning outside the attraction 's entrance alerted guests that it was intense and unintended for children under the age of 12 . It opened briefly for previews on December 16 , 1994 , on the site of the former Mission to Mars attraction , but was ordered closed on January 12 , 1995 for retooling by then - Disney CEO Michael Eisner who deemed it was not intense enough . It opened officially on June 20 , 1995 as part of the Magic Kingdom 's New Tomorrowland . It closed permanently on October 12 , 2003 . The attraction was replaced by Stitch 's Great Escape ! , which uses much of the same technology and set pieces . While the ExtraTERRORestrial Alien Encounter was closed down permanently , it developed a cult following among Disney fans . Some praised it for its sophisticated tone , in contrast to other Tomorrowland attractions such as Space Mountain and Astro Orbiter .", 'cult']
['extraterrorestrial alien encounter', 'where is', 'cult', 'Anaheim ( pronounced ) is a city in Orange County , California , part of the Los Angeles metropolitan area . As of the 2010 United States Census , the city had a population of 336,265 , making it the most populous city in Orange County and the 10th most populous city in California . Anaheim is the second largest city in Orange County in terms of land area ( after Irvine ) and is known for its theme parks , sports teams , and convention center .', 'Orange County , California']
['extraterrorestrial alien encounter', 'located', 'orange county , california', 'Anaheim ( pronounced ) is a city in Orange County , California , part of the Los Angeles metropolitan area . As of the 2010 United States Census , the city had a population of 336,265 , making it the most populous city in Orange County and the 10th most populous city in California . Anaheim is the second largest city in Orange County in terms of land area ( after Irvine ) and is known for its theme parks , sports teams , and convention center .', 'Anaheim']
['extraterrorestrial alien encounter', 'municipality of', 'anaheim', 'Anaheim ( pronounced ) is a city in Orange County , California , part of the Los Angeles metropolitan area . As of the 2010 United States Census , the city had a population of 336,265 , making it the most populous city in Orange County and the 10th most populous city in California . Anaheim is the second largest city in Orange County in terms of land area ( after Irvine ) and is known for its theme parks , sports teams , and convention center .', 'Orange County , California']
['extraterrorestrial alien encounter', 'located', 'orange county , california', 'Bay Lake is a city in Orange County , Florida , United States . The population was 47 at the 2010 census . It is named after a lake located east of the Magic Kingdom . All four of the Walt Disney World theme parks , and one of the two water parks , are located in Bay Lake .', 'Florida']
['all saints church', 'where is', 'all saints church', "All Saints Church is the parish church in Wraxall , Somerset , England . It has been dedicated `` to all the Saints '' . The building is surrounded by an extensive cemetery . The present building was raised in the 14th century , with tower , clock and bells being added in later centuries . The church has been designated by English Heritage as a grade I listed building . Parish registers survive from 1562 , and include examples of the baptism of black slaves . There are painted stone figures of Sir Edmond Gorges and his wife in the chancel . The nearby rectory was built in the 17th century . The West Tower , is 85 feet ( 25.9 m ) high , and contains eight bells , three of which date from 1705 . The clock face was added in 1730 . The large churchyard contains several monuments to the Gibbs family which owned the nearby Tyntesfield Estate , which has recently been purchased by the National Trust following the death of Baron Wraxall .", 'Wraxall , Somerset , England']
['all saints church', 'where is', 'all saints church', "All Saints Church is the parish church in Wraxall , Somerset , England . It has been dedicated `` to all the Saints '' . The building is surrounded by an extensive cemetery . The present building was raised in the 14th century , with tower , clock and bells being added in later centuries . The church has been designated by English Heritage as a grade I listed building . Parish registers survive from 1562 , and include examples of the baptism of black slaves . There are painted stone figures of Sir Edmond Gorges and his wife in the chancel . The nearby rectory was built in the 17th century . The West Tower , is 85 feet ( 25.9 m ) high , and contains eight bells , three of which date from 1705 . The clock face was added in 1730 . The large churchyard contains several monuments to the Gibbs family which owned the nearby Tyntesfield Estate , which has recently been purchased by the National Trust following the death of Baron Wraxall .", 'Wraxall , Somerset , England']
['all saints church', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'wraxall , somerset , england', 'South West England is one of nine official regions of England . It is the largest in area , covering and the counties of Gloucestershire , Bristol , Wiltshire , Somerset , Dorset , Devon and Cornwall , as well as the Isles of Scilly . Five million people live in South West England .', 'It is the largest']
['all saints church', 'municipality of', 'it is the largest', 'South West England is one of nine official regions of England . It is the largest in area , covering and the counties of Gloucestershire , Bristol , Wiltshire , Somerset , Dorset , Devon and Cornwall , as well as the Isles of Scilly . Five million people live in South West England .', 'South West England']
['all saints church', 'located', 'south west england', 'South West England is one of nine official regions of England . It is the largest in area , covering and the counties of Gloucestershire , Bristol , Wiltshire , Somerset , Dorset , Devon and Cornwall , as well as the Isles of Scilly . Five million people live in South West England .', 'Isles of Scilly']
['all saints church', 'where is', 'isles of scilly', 'South West England is one of nine official regions of England . It is the largest in area , covering and the counties of Gloucestershire , Bristol , Wiltshire , Somerset , Dorset , Devon and Cornwall , as well as the Isles of Scilly . Five million people live in South West England .', 'South West England']
['all saints church', 'where is', 'south west england', 'South West England is one of nine official regions of England . It is the largest in area , covering and the counties of Gloucestershire , Bristol , Wiltshire , Somerset , Dorset , Devon and Cornwall , as well as the Isles of Scilly . Five million people live in South West England .', 'South West England']
['all saints church', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'south west england', 'South West England is one of nine official regions of England . It is the largest in area , covering and the counties of Gloucestershire , Bristol , Wiltshire , Somerset , Dorset , Devon and Cornwall , as well as the Isles of Scilly . Five million people live in South West England .', 'nine official regions']
['all saints church', 'where is', 'nine official regions', 'South West England is one of nine official regions of England . It is the largest in area , covering and the counties of Gloucestershire , Bristol , Wiltshire , Somerset , Dorset , Devon and Cornwall , as well as the Isles of Scilly . Five million people live in South West England .', 'South West England']
['all saints church', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'south west england', 'Gloucestershire ( ; abbreviated Glos . ) is a county in South West England . The county comprises part of the Cotswold Hills , part of the flat fertile valley of the River Severn , and the entire Forest of Dean .', 'a county']
['all saints church', 'municipality of', 'a county', "A County town is usually the location of administrative or judicial functions within the county , or it has been established over time as the `` de facto '' main town of a county . The concept of a county town eventually became detached from its original meaning of where the county administration or county hall is based . In fact , many county towns are no longer part of the administrative county . For example , Nottingham is administered by a unitary authority entirely separate from the rest of Nottinghamshire . Many county towns are classified as cities , but all are referred to as county towns regardless of whether city status is held or not .", 'Nottinghamshire']
['all saints church', 'located', 'nottinghamshire', "A County town is usually the location of administrative or judicial functions within the county , or it has been established over time as the `` de facto '' main town of a county . The concept of a county town eventually became detached from its original meaning of where the county administration or county hall is based . In fact , many county towns are no longer part of the administrative county . For example , Nottingham is administered by a unitary authority entirely separate from the rest of Nottinghamshire . Many county towns are classified as cities , but all are referred to as county towns regardless of whether city status is held or not .", 'within the county']
['all saints church', 'where is', 'within the county', "A County town is usually the location of administrative or judicial functions within the county , or it has been established over time as the `` de facto '' main town of a county . The concept of a county town eventually became detached from its original meaning of where the county administration or county hall is based . In fact , many county towns are no longer part of the administrative county . For example , Nottingham is administered by a unitary authority entirely separate from the rest of Nottinghamshire . Many county towns are classified as cities , but all are referred to as county towns regardless of whether city status is held or not .", 'A County town']
['all saints church', 'located', 'a county town', "A County town is usually the location of administrative or judicial functions within the county , or it has been established over time as the `` de facto '' main town of a county . The concept of a county town eventually became detached from its original meaning of where the county administration or county hall is based . In fact , many county towns are no longer part of the administrative county . For example , Nottingham is administered by a unitary authority entirely separate from the rest of Nottinghamshire . Many county towns are classified as cities , but all are referred to as county towns regardless of whether city status is held or not .", 'administrative or judicial functions within the county']
['all saints church', 'located', 'administrative or judicial functions within the county', "A County town is usually the location of administrative or judicial functions within the county , or it has been established over time as the `` de facto '' main town of a county . The concept of a county town eventually became detached from its original meaning of where the county administration or county hall is based . In fact , many county towns are no longer part of the administrative county . For example , Nottingham is administered by a unitary authority entirely separate from the rest of Nottinghamshire . Many county towns are classified as cities , but all are referred to as county towns regardless of whether city status is held or not .", 'judicial']
['all saints church', 'located', 'judicial', "A County town is usually the location of administrative or judicial functions within the county , or it has been established over time as the `` de facto '' main town of a county . The concept of a county town eventually became detached from its original meaning of where the county administration or county hall is based . In fact , many county towns are no longer part of the administrative county . For example , Nottingham is administered by a unitary authority entirely separate from the rest of Nottinghamshire . Many county towns are classified as cities , but all are referred to as county towns regardless of whether city status is held or not .", 'A County town is usually the location of administrative or judicial functions within the county']
['all saints church', 'located', 'a county town is usually the location of administrative or judicial functions within the county', "A County town is usually the location of administrative or judicial functions within the county , or it has been established over time as the `` de facto '' main town of a county . The concept of a county town eventually became detached from its original meaning of where the county administration or county hall is based . In fact , many county towns are no longer part of the administrative county . For example , Nottingham is administered by a unitary authority entirely separate from the rest of Nottinghamshire . Many county towns are classified as cities , but all are referred to as county towns regardless of whether city status is held or not .", 'A County town']
['all saints church', 'where is', 'a county town', "A County town is usually the location of administrative or judicial functions within the county , or it has been established over time as the `` de facto '' main town of a county . The concept of a county town eventually became detached from its original meaning of where the county administration or county hall is based . In fact , many county towns are no longer part of the administrative county . For example , Nottingham is administered by a unitary authority entirely separate from the rest of Nottinghamshire . Many county towns are classified as cities , but all are referred to as county towns regardless of whether city status is held or not .", 'A County town']
['all saints church', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'a county town', "A County town is usually the location of administrative or judicial functions within the county , or it has been established over time as the `` de facto '' main town of a county . The concept of a county town eventually became detached from its original meaning of where the county administration or county hall is based . In fact , many county towns are no longer part of the administrative county . For example , Nottingham is administered by a unitary authority entirely separate from the rest of Nottinghamshire . Many county towns are classified as cities , but all are referred to as county towns regardless of whether city status is held or not .", 'administrative or judicial functions']
['all saints church', 'located', 'administrative or judicial functions', "A County town is usually the location of administrative or judicial functions within the county , or it has been established over time as the `` de facto '' main town of a county . The concept of a county town eventually became detached from its original meaning of where the county administration or county hall is based . In fact , many county towns are no longer part of the administrative county . For example , Nottingham is administered by a unitary authority entirely separate from the rest of Nottinghamshire . Many county towns are classified as cities , but all are referred to as county towns regardless of whether city status is held or not .", 'judicial']
['all saints church', 'located', 'judicial', "All Saints Church is the parish church in Wraxall , Somerset , England . It has been dedicated `` to all the Saints '' . The building is surrounded by an extensive cemetery . The present building was raised in the 14th century , with tower , clock and bells being added in later centuries . The church has been designated by English Heritage as a grade I listed building . Parish registers survive from 1562 , and include examples of the baptism of black slaves . There are painted stone figures of Sir Edmond Gorges and his wife in the chancel . The nearby rectory was built in the 17th century . The West Tower , is 85 feet ( 25.9 m ) high , and contains eight bells , three of which date from 1705 . The clock face was added in 1730 . The large churchyard contains several monuments to the Gibbs family which owned the nearby Tyntesfield Estate , which has recently been purchased by the National Trust following the death of Baron Wraxall .", 'an extensive cemetery']
['all saints church', 'municipality of', 'an extensive cemetery', "A cemetery or graveyard is a place where the remains of dead people are buried or otherwise interred . The word `` cemetery '' ( from Greek , `` sleeping place '' ) implies that the land is specifically designated as a burial ground . The term graveyard is often used interchangeably with cemetery , but primarily referred to a burial ground within a churchyard .", 'Greek']
['all saints church', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'greek', "A cemetery or graveyard is a place where the remains of dead people are buried or otherwise interred . The word `` cemetery '' ( from Greek , `` sleeping place '' ) implies that the land is specifically designated as a burial ground . The term graveyard is often used interchangeably with cemetery , but primarily referred to a burial ground within a churchyard .", 'sleeping place']
['all saints church', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'sleeping place', "A cemetery or graveyard is a place where the remains of dead people are buried or otherwise interred . The word `` cemetery '' ( from Greek , `` sleeping place '' ) implies that the land is specifically designated as a burial ground . The term graveyard is often used interchangeably with cemetery , but primarily referred to a burial ground within a churchyard .", '` cemetery']
['all saints church', 'municipality of', '` cemetery', "A cemetery or graveyard is a place where the remains of dead people are buried or otherwise interred . The word `` cemetery '' ( from Greek , `` sleeping place '' ) implies that the land is specifically designated as a burial ground . The term graveyard is often used interchangeably with cemetery , but primarily referred to a burial ground within a churchyard .", 'Greek']
['all saints church', 'located', 'greek', "A cemetery or graveyard is a place where the remains of dead people are buried or otherwise interred . The word `` cemetery '' ( from Greek , `` sleeping place '' ) implies that the land is specifically designated as a burial ground . The term graveyard is often used interchangeably with cemetery , but primarily referred to a burial ground within a churchyard .", "The word `` cemetery '' ( from Greek , `` sleeping place"]
['port wakefield road', 'where is', 'port wakefield road', 'Port Wakefield Road is an important Australian highway . It connects Adelaide , the South Australian capital , to the Yorke Peninsula , Port Augusta , northern and western South Australia , the Northern Territory and Western Australia . It is designated National Highway A1 and a part of the National Highway . It is named after Port Wakefield , the first government town north of Adelaide . Port Wakefield Road branches off of Main North Road at Gepps Cross in the northern suburbs of Adelaide . The highway is dual - carriageway until Port Wakefield and bypasses all of the small towns along its former route . The original bypass of Port Wakefield is now built up with roadhouses and other businesses , leading to calls to build a new bypass further east . In 2011 an upgrade including road widening of nine kilometres of Port Wakefield Road between Salisbury Highway and Waterloo Corner Road was completed as part of the Max Fatchen Expressway project .', 'Main North Road at Gepps Cross in the northern suburbs of Adelaide']
['port wakefield road', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'port wakefield road', 'Port Wakefield Road is an important Australian highway . It connects Adelaide , the South Australian capital , to the Yorke Peninsula , Port Augusta , northern and western South Australia , the Northern Territory and Western Australia . It is designated National Highway A1 and a part of the National Highway . It is named after Port Wakefield , the first government town north of Adelaide . Port Wakefield Road branches off of Main North Road at Gepps Cross in the northern suburbs of Adelaide . The highway is dual - carriageway until Port Wakefield and bypasses all of the small towns along its former route . The original bypass of Port Wakefield is now built up with roadhouses and other businesses , leading to calls to build a new bypass further east . In 2011 an upgrade including road widening of nine kilometres of Port Wakefield Road between Salisbury Highway and Waterloo Corner Road was completed as part of the Max Fatchen Expressway project .', 'dual - carriageway']
['port wakefield road', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'dual - carriageway', 'Port Wakefield Road is an important Australian highway . It connects Adelaide , the South Australian capital , to the Yorke Peninsula , Port Augusta , northern and western South Australia , the Northern Territory and Western Australia . It is designated National Highway A1 and a part of the National Highway . It is named after Port Wakefield , the first government town north of Adelaide . Port Wakefield Road branches off of Main North Road at Gepps Cross in the northern suburbs of Adelaide . The highway is dual - carriageway until Port Wakefield and bypasses all of the small towns along its former route . The original bypass of Port Wakefield is now built up with roadhouses and other businesses , leading to calls to build a new bypass further east . In 2011 an upgrade including road widening of nine kilometres of Port Wakefield Road between Salisbury Highway and Waterloo Corner Road was completed as part of the Max Fatchen Expressway project .', 'highway']
['port wakefield road', 'municipality of', 'highway', 'Port Wakefield Road is an important Australian highway . It connects Adelaide , the South Australian capital , to the Yorke Peninsula , Port Augusta , northern and western South Australia , the Northern Territory and Western Australia . It is designated National Highway A1 and a part of the National Highway . It is named after Port Wakefield , the first government town north of Adelaide . Port Wakefield Road branches off of Main North Road at Gepps Cross in the northern suburbs of Adelaide . The highway is dual - carriageway until Port Wakefield and bypasses all of the small towns along its former route . The original bypass of Port Wakefield is now built up with roadhouses and other businesses , leading to calls to build a new bypass further east . In 2011 an upgrade including road widening of nine kilometres of Port Wakefield Road between Salisbury Highway and Waterloo Corner Road was completed as part of the Max Fatchen Expressway project .', 'Port Wakefield Road']
['port wakefield road', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'port wakefield road', "Papua New Guinea ( PNG Hiri Motu : `` Papua Niu Gini '' ) , officially the Independent State of Papua New Guinea , is an Oceanian country that occupies the eastern half of the island of New Guinea and its offshore islands in Melanesia , a region of the southwestern Pacific Ocean north of Australia . Its capital , located along its southeastern coast , is Port Moresby . The western half of New Guinea forms the Indonesian provinces of Papua and West Papua .", 'southeastern coast']
['port wakefield road', 'municipality of', 'southeastern coast', "Papua New Guinea ( PNG Hiri Motu : `` Papua Niu Gini '' ) , officially the Independent State of Papua New Guinea , is an Oceanian country that occupies the eastern half of the island of New Guinea and its offshore islands in Melanesia , a region of the southwestern Pacific Ocean north of Australia . Its capital , located along its southeastern coast , is Port Moresby . The western half of New Guinea forms the Indonesian provinces of Papua and West Papua .", 'Port Moresby']
['port wakefield road', 'located', 'port moresby', 'Port Wakefield Road is an important Australian highway . It connects Adelaide , the South Australian capital , to the Yorke Peninsula , Port Augusta , northern and western South Australia , the Northern Territory and Western Australia . It is designated National Highway A1 and a part of the National Highway . It is named after Port Wakefield , the first government town north of Adelaide . Port Wakefield Road branches off of Main North Road at Gepps Cross in the northern suburbs of Adelaide . The highway is dual - carriageway until Port Wakefield and bypasses all of the small towns along its former route . The original bypass of Port Wakefield is now built up with roadhouses and other businesses , leading to calls to build a new bypass further east . In 2011 an upgrade including road widening of nine kilometres of Port Wakefield Road between Salisbury Highway and Waterloo Corner Road was completed as part of the Max Fatchen Expressway project .', 'Port Wakefield Road']
['port wakefield road', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'port wakefield road', "Vanuatu ( or ; Bislama ) , officially the Republic of Vanuatu ( Bislama : `` Ripablik blong Vanuatu '' ) , is a Pacific island nation located in the South Pacific Ocean . The archipelago , which is of volcanic origin , is some east of northern Australia , northeast of New Caledonia , east of New Guinea , southeast of the Solomon Islands , and west of Fiji .", 'volcanic']
['port wakefield road', 'located', 'volcanic', "Vanuatu ( or ; Bislama ) , officially the Republic of Vanuatu ( Bislama : `` Ripablik blong Vanuatu '' ) , is a Pacific island nation located in the South Pacific Ocean . The archipelago , which is of volcanic origin , is some east of northern Australia , northeast of New Caledonia , east of New Guinea , southeast of the Solomon Islands , and west of Fiji .", 'The archipelago']
['port wakefield road', 'municipality of', 'the archipelago', "Vanuatu ( or ; Bislama ) , officially the Republic of Vanuatu ( Bislama : `` Ripablik blong Vanuatu '' ) , is a Pacific island nation located in the South Pacific Ocean . The archipelago , which is of volcanic origin , is some east of northern Australia , northeast of New Caledonia , east of New Guinea , southeast of the Solomon Islands , and west of Fiji .", 'New Caledonia']
['port wakefield road', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'new caledonia', "Vanuatu ( or ; Bislama ) , officially the Republic of Vanuatu ( Bislama : `` Ripablik blong Vanuatu '' ) , is a Pacific island nation located in the South Pacific Ocean . The archipelago , which is of volcanic origin , is some east of northern Australia , northeast of New Caledonia , east of New Guinea , southeast of the Solomon Islands , and west of Fiji .", 'northeast']
['port wakefield road', 'where is', 'northeast', "Vanuatu ( or ; Bislama ) , officially the Republic of Vanuatu ( Bislama : `` Ripablik blong Vanuatu '' ) , is a Pacific island nation located in the South Pacific Ocean . The archipelago , which is of volcanic origin , is some east of northern Australia , northeast of New Caledonia , east of New Guinea , southeast of the Solomon Islands , and west of Fiji .", 'New Caledonia']
['port wakefield road', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'new caledonia', "New Zealand is an island nation in the southwestern Pacific Ocean . The country geographically comprises two main landmassesthat of the North Island , or Te Ika-a-Mui , and the South Island , or Te Waipounamuand numerous smaller islands . New Zealand is situated some east of Australia across the Tasman Sea and roughly south of the Pacific island areas of New Caledonia , Fiji , and Tonga . Because of its remoteness , it was one of the last lands to be settled by humans . During its long period of isolation , New Zealand developed a distinct biodiversity of animal , fungal and plant life . The country 's varied topography and its sharp mountain peaks , such as the Southern Alps , owe much to the tectonic uplift of land and volcanic eruptions . New Zealand 's capital city is Wellington , while its most populous city is Auckland .", 'roughly south of the Pacific island areas']
['port wakefield road', 'located', 'roughly south of the pacific island areas', "New Zealand is an island nation in the southwestern Pacific Ocean . The country geographically comprises two main landmassesthat of the North Island , or Te Ika-a-Mui , and the South Island , or Te Waipounamuand numerous smaller islands . New Zealand is situated some east of Australia across the Tasman Sea and roughly south of the Pacific island areas of New Caledonia , Fiji , and Tonga . Because of its remoteness , it was one of the last lands to be settled by humans . During its long period of isolation , New Zealand developed a distinct biodiversity of animal , fungal and plant life . The country 's varied topography and its sharp mountain peaks , such as the Southern Alps , owe much to the tectonic uplift of land and volcanic eruptions . New Zealand 's capital city is Wellington , while its most populous city is Auckland .", 'New Caledonia , Fiji , and Tonga']
['port wakefield road', 'municipality of', 'new caledonia , fiji , and tonga', "New Zealand is an island nation in the southwestern Pacific Ocean . The country geographically comprises two main landmassesthat of the North Island , or Te Ika-a-Mui , and the South Island , or Te Waipounamuand numerous smaller islands . New Zealand is situated some east of Australia across the Tasman Sea and roughly south of the Pacific island areas of New Caledonia , Fiji , and Tonga . Because of its remoteness , it was one of the last lands to be settled by humans . During its long period of isolation , New Zealand developed a distinct biodiversity of animal , fungal and plant life . The country 's varied topography and its sharp mountain peaks , such as the Southern Alps , owe much to the tectonic uplift of land and volcanic eruptions . New Zealand 's capital city is Wellington , while its most populous city is Auckland .", 'New Zealand']
['port wakefield road', 'located', 'new zealand', "New Zealand is an island nation in the southwestern Pacific Ocean . The country geographically comprises two main landmassesthat of the North Island , or Te Ika-a-Mui , and the South Island , or Te Waipounamuand numerous smaller islands . New Zealand is situated some east of Australia across the Tasman Sea and roughly south of the Pacific island areas of New Caledonia , Fiji , and Tonga . Because of its remoteness , it was one of the last lands to be settled by humans . During its long period of isolation , New Zealand developed a distinct biodiversity of animal , fungal and plant life . The country 's varied topography and its sharp mountain peaks , such as the Southern Alps , owe much to the tectonic uplift of land and volcanic eruptions . New Zealand 's capital city is Wellington , while its most populous city is Auckland .", 'New Zealand is situated some east of Australia across the Tasman Sea']
['port wakefield road', 'where is', 'new zealand is situated some east of australia across the tasman sea', "New Zealand is an island nation in the southwestern Pacific Ocean . The country geographically comprises two main landmassesthat of the North Island , or Te Ika-a-Mui , and the South Island , or Te Waipounamuand numerous smaller islands . New Zealand is situated some east of Australia across the Tasman Sea and roughly south of the Pacific island areas of New Caledonia , Fiji , and Tonga . Because of its remoteness , it was one of the last lands to be settled by humans . During its long period of isolation , New Zealand developed a distinct biodiversity of animal , fungal and plant life . The country 's varied topography and its sharp mountain peaks , such as the Southern Alps , owe much to the tectonic uplift of land and volcanic eruptions . New Zealand 's capital city is Wellington , while its most populous city is Auckland .", 'New Zealand']
['port wakefield road', 'located', 'new zealand', "Australia , officially the Commonwealth of Australia , is a country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent , the island of Tasmania and numerous smaller islands . It is the world 's sixth-largest country by total area . The neighbouring countries are Papua New Guinea , Indonesia and East Timor to the north ; the Solomon Islands and Vanuatu to the north-east ; and New Zealand to the south-east . Australia 's capital is Canberra , and its largest urban area is Sydney .", 'New Zealand to the south-east']
['port wakefield road', 'where is', 'new zealand to the south-east', "New Zealand is an island nation in the southwestern Pacific Ocean . The country geographically comprises two main landmassesthat of the North Island , or Te Ika-a-Mui , and the South Island , or Te Waipounamuand numerous smaller islands . New Zealand is situated some east of Australia across the Tasman Sea and roughly south of the Pacific island areas of New Caledonia , Fiji , and Tonga . Because of its remoteness , it was one of the last lands to be settled by humans . During its long period of isolation , New Zealand developed a distinct biodiversity of animal , fungal and plant life . The country 's varied topography and its sharp mountain peaks , such as the Southern Alps , owe much to the tectonic uplift of land and volcanic eruptions . New Zealand 's capital city is Wellington , while its most populous city is Auckland .", 'Pacific island areas of New Caledonia , Fiji']
['port wakefield road', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'pacific island areas of new caledonia , fiji', "Vanuatu ( or ; Bislama ) , officially the Republic of Vanuatu ( Bislama : `` Ripablik blong Vanuatu '' ) , is a Pacific island nation located in the South Pacific Ocean . The archipelago , which is of volcanic origin , is some east of northern Australia , northeast of New Caledonia , east of New Guinea , southeast of the Solomon Islands , and west of Fiji .", 'volcanic origin , is some east of northern Australia , northeast']
['port wakefield road', 'located', 'volcanic origin , is some east of northern australia , northeast', "Vanuatu ( or ; Bislama ) , officially the Republic of Vanuatu ( Bislama : `` Ripablik blong Vanuatu '' ) , is a Pacific island nation located in the South Pacific Ocean . The archipelago , which is of volcanic origin , is some east of northern Australia , northeast of New Caledonia , east of New Guinea , southeast of the Solomon Islands , and west of Fiji .", 'New Caledonia']
['port wakefield road', 'where is', 'new caledonia', "Vanuatu ( or ; Bislama ) , officially the Republic of Vanuatu ( Bislama : `` Ripablik blong Vanuatu '' ) , is a Pacific island nation located in the South Pacific Ocean . The archipelago , which is of volcanic origin , is some east of northern Australia , northeast of New Caledonia , east of New Guinea , southeast of the Solomon Islands , and west of Fiji .", 'northeast']
['port wakefield road', 'municipality of', 'northeast', "Vanuatu ( or ; Bislama ) , officially the Republic of Vanuatu ( Bislama : `` Ripablik blong Vanuatu '' ) , is a Pacific island nation located in the South Pacific Ocean . The archipelago , which is of volcanic origin , is some east of northern Australia , northeast of New Caledonia , east of New Guinea , southeast of the Solomon Islands , and west of Fiji .", 'New Caledonia']
['port wakefield road', 'located', 'new caledonia', "Vanuatu ( or ; Bislama ) , officially the Republic of Vanuatu ( Bislama : `` Ripablik blong Vanuatu '' ) , is a Pacific island nation located in the South Pacific Ocean . The archipelago , which is of volcanic origin , is some east of northern Australia , northeast of New Caledonia , east of New Guinea , southeast of the Solomon Islands , and west of Fiji .", 'northeast']
['port wakefield road', 'municipality of', 'northeast', "Investigator Strait is a body of water in South Australia lying between the Yorke Peninsula , on the Australian mainland , and Kangaroo Island . It was named by Matthew Flinders after his ship , HMS `` Investigator '' , on his voyage of 18011802 . It is bordered by the Gulf St Vincent in the northeast .", 'Gulf St Vincent']
['port wakefield road', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'gulf st vincent', 'The Yorke Peninsula is a peninsula located north-west and west of Adelaide in South Australia , between Spencer Gulf on the west and Gulf St Vincent on the east . The peninsula is separated from Kangaroo Island to the south by Investigator Strait . The most populous town in the region is Kadina .', 'east']
['cepo', 'where is', 'cepo', 'Vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern Albania . It is the second largest port city of Albania , after Durrës . It is where the Albanian Declaration of Independence was proclaimed on November 28 , 1912 . Vlorë was briefly the capital of Albania .', 'Vlorë']
['cepo', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'cepo', "Fushëbardhë ( also `` Fushë-Bardhë '' ) is a small village in the south of Albania near Gjirokastër . It is part of the former municipality Cepo . At the 2015 local government reform it became part of the municipality Gjirokastër . The village is inhabited by Muslim Albanians .", 'former municipality']
['cepo', 'municipality of', 'former municipality', "Fushëbardhë ( also `` Fushë-Bardhë '' ) is a small village in the south of Albania near Gjirokastër . It is part of the former municipality Cepo . At the 2015 local government reform it became part of the municipality Gjirokastër . The village is inhabited by Muslim Albanians .", 'Cepo']
['cepo', 'municipality of', 'cepo', "Fushëbardhë ( also `` Fushë-Bardhë '' ) is a small village in the south of Albania near Gjirokastër . It is part of the former municipality Cepo . At the 2015 local government reform it became part of the municipality Gjirokastër . The village is inhabited by Muslim Albanians .", 'Gjirokastër']
['cepo', 'located', 'gjirokastër', 'Prongji is a village of southwestern Albania , located to the northwest of the city of Gjirokastër . The village is in the administrative Gjirokastër County and part of Labëria region . It is part of the former municipality Cepo . At the 2015 local government reform it became part of the municipality Gjirokastër . The village is inhabited by Muslim Albanians and an Orthodox Albanian population . The village is situated among the mountains of Mali i Gjere and Lenik on a small tableland .', 'Prongji']
['cepo', 'where is', 'prongji', 'Vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern Albania . It is the second largest port city of Albania , after Durrës . It is where the Albanian Declaration of Independence was proclaimed on November 28 , 1912 . Vlorë was briefly the capital of Albania .', 'Vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern Albania']
['cepo', 'where is', 'vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern albania', 'Vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern Albania . It is the second largest port city of Albania , after Durrës . It is where the Albanian Declaration of Independence was proclaimed on November 28 , 1912 . Vlorë was briefly the capital of Albania .', 'second largest']
['cepo', 'located', 'second largest', "Durrës , historically also known as Durazzo and Dyrrachium , is the second largest city and a municipality of Albania , and one of the world 's oldest continuously inhabited cities . Geographically , it is central on the coast , about west of the capital Tirana .", 'Durrës']
['cepo', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'durrës', "Durrës , historically also known as Durazzo and Dyrrachium , is the second largest city and a municipality of Albania , and one of the world 's oldest continuously inhabited cities . Geographically , it is central on the coast , about west of the capital Tirana .", "one of the world 's oldest continuously inhabited cities"]
['cepo', 'located', "one of the world 's oldest continuously inhabited cities", "Durrës , historically also known as Durazzo and Dyrrachium , is the second largest city and a municipality of Albania , and one of the world 's oldest continuously inhabited cities . Geographically , it is central on the coast , about west of the capital Tirana .", 'Durrës']
['cepo', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'durrës', 'Vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern Albania . It is the second largest port city of Albania , after Durrës . It is where the Albanian Declaration of Independence was proclaimed on November 28 , 1912 . Vlorë was briefly the capital of Albania .', 'It is the second largest port city of Albania']
['cepo', 'municipality of', 'it is the second largest port city of albania', 'Vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern Albania . It is the second largest port city of Albania , after Durrës . It is where the Albanian Declaration of Independence was proclaimed on November 28 , 1912 . Vlorë was briefly the capital of Albania .', 'Vlorë']
['cepo', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'vlorë', 'Vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern Albania . It is the second largest port city of Albania , after Durrës . It is where the Albanian Declaration of Independence was proclaimed on November 28 , 1912 . Vlorë was briefly the capital of Albania .', 'coastal city']
['cepo', 'municipality of', 'coastal city', 'Vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern Albania . It is the second largest port city of Albania , after Durrës . It is where the Albanian Declaration of Independence was proclaimed on November 28 , 1912 . Vlorë was briefly the capital of Albania .', 'Vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern Albania']
['cepo', 'located', 'vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern albania', 'Vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern Albania . It is the second largest port city of Albania , after Durrës . It is where the Albanian Declaration of Independence was proclaimed on November 28 , 1912 . Vlorë was briefly the capital of Albania .', 'second largest port city of Albania , after Durrës']
['cepo', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'second largest port city of albania , after durrës', 'Vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern Albania . It is the second largest port city of Albania , after Durrës . It is where the Albanian Declaration of Independence was proclaimed on November 28 , 1912 . Vlorë was briefly the capital of Albania .', 'coastal']
['cepo', 'municipality of', 'coastal', 'Vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern Albania . It is the second largest port city of Albania , after Durrës . It is where the Albanian Declaration of Independence was proclaimed on November 28 , 1912 . Vlorë was briefly the capital of Albania .', 'Vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern Albania']
['cepo', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern albania', 'Vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern Albania . It is the second largest port city of Albania , after Durrës . It is where the Albanian Declaration of Independence was proclaimed on November 28 , 1912 . Vlorë was briefly the capital of Albania .', 'second largest port']
['cepo', 'located', 'second largest port', 'Vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern Albania . It is the second largest port city of Albania , after Durrës . It is where the Albanian Declaration of Independence was proclaimed on November 28 , 1912 . Vlorë was briefly the capital of Albania .', 'Albania']
['cepo', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'albania', 'Vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern Albania . It is the second largest port city of Albania , after Durrës . It is where the Albanian Declaration of Independence was proclaimed on November 28 , 1912 . Vlorë was briefly the capital of Albania .', 'It is the second largest port city']
['cepo', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'it is the second largest port city', 'Vlorë is a coastal city and municipality in southern Albania . It is the second largest port city of Albania , after Durrës . It is where the Albanian Declaration of Independence was proclaimed on November 28 , 1912 . Vlorë was briefly the capital of Albania .', 'coastal']
['cepo', 'municipality of', 'coastal', "Fushëbardhë ( also `` Fushë-Bardhë '' ) is a small village in the south of Albania near Gjirokastër . It is part of the former municipality Cepo . At the 2015 local government reform it became part of the municipality Gjirokastër . The village is inhabited by Muslim Albanians .", 'Gjirokastër']
['cepo', 'where is', 'gjirokastër', 'Gjirokastër County is one of the 12 counties of Albania . The population at the 2011 census was 72,176 , in an area of 2884 km². Its capital is the city Gjirokastër .', 'capital']
['cepo', 'located', 'capital', "Tirana ( regional Gheg Albanian : `` Tirona '' ) is the capital and largest city of Albania and as well the heart of Albania 's cultural , economic and governmental activity . It is located on the western center of the country surrounded by hills with the Dajti Mountain on the east and a slight valley opening on the north-west overlooking the Adriatic Sea in the distance . The city is located some north of Athens , west of Skopje , south-east of Pristina and south of Podgorica .", 'Tirana']
['cepo', 'located', 'tirana', "Tirana ( regional Gheg Albanian : `` Tirona '' ) is the capital and largest city of Albania and as well the heart of Albania 's cultural , economic and governmental activity . It is located on the western center of the country surrounded by hills with the Dajti Mountain on the east and a slight valley opening on the north-west overlooking the Adriatic Sea in the distance . The city is located some north of Athens , west of Skopje , south-east of Pristina and south of Podgorica .", 'Athens , west of Skopje , south-east of Pristina and south of Podgorica']
['cepo', 'where is', 'athens , west of skopje , south-east of pristina and south of podgorica', "Tirana ( regional Gheg Albanian : `` Tirona '' ) is the capital and largest city of Albania and as well the heart of Albania 's cultural , economic and governmental activity . It is located on the western center of the country surrounded by hills with the Dajti Mountain on the east and a slight valley opening on the north-west overlooking the Adriatic Sea in the distance . The city is located some north of Athens , west of Skopje , south-east of Pristina and south of Podgorica .", 'north']
['sierra de los padres', 'where is', 'sierra de los padres', "Sierra de los Padres is a string of rocky hills and ridges about 10 miles west of Mar del Plata . They are part of the Tandilia 's mountain range , actually a series of low hills extended from the central Buenos Aires Province to Cabo Corrientes , a cape on the shores of Mar del Plata . These peaks are barely 270 mt ( 900 feet ) high , surrounded by farms in the lower lands and by an exclusive neighborhood built on their slopes . Most local landscapes have panoramic views of surrounding hills . Recreational activities include trekking , PPC , and a large Golf link . Along the main access road there is also a Zoo . The neighbourhood has four shopping centers and many facilities for visitors . A large super market and many groceries fill local residents ' need of food and beverages . The winters are a bit colder than in the coastal area and summers are not so mild . Permanent residents are about 4,300 . Most of them are members of the upper and upper - middle class . For the children of the village and nearby residents are one elementary and one middle public schools . Tap water supplies come from a cooperative , the Cooperativa Sierra de Los Padres . The area became a special destination for those seeking meditation and relax .", 'Mar del Plata']
['sierra de los padres', 'municipality of', 'sierra de los padres', "Sierra de los Padres is a string of rocky hills and ridges about 10 miles west of Mar del Plata . They are part of the Tandilia 's mountain range , actually a series of low hills extended from the central Buenos Aires Province to Cabo Corrientes , a cape on the shores of Mar del Plata . These peaks are barely 270 mt ( 900 feet ) high , surrounded by farms in the lower lands and by an exclusive neighborhood built on their slopes . Most local landscapes have panoramic views of surrounding hills . Recreational activities include trekking , PPC , and a large Golf link . Along the main access road there is also a Zoo . The neighbourhood has four shopping centers and many facilities for visitors . A large super market and many groceries fill local residents ' need of food and beverages . The winters are a bit colder than in the coastal area and summers are not so mild . Permanent residents are about 4,300 . Most of them are members of the upper and upper - middle class . For the children of the village and nearby residents are one elementary and one middle public schools . Tap water supplies come from a cooperative , the Cooperativa Sierra de Los Padres . The area became a special destination for those seeking meditation and relax .", 'Cabo Corrientes']
['sierra de los padres', 'where is', 'cabo corrientes', 'Fishing is the activity of trying to catch fish . Fish are normally caught in the wild . Techniques for catching fish include hand gathering , spearing , netting , angling and trapping . Fishing may include catching aquatic animals other than fish , such as molluscs , cephalopods , crustaceans , and echinoderms . The term is not normally applied to catching farmed fish , or to aquatic mammals , such as whales where the term whaling is more appropriate .', 'catch fish']
['sierra de los padres', 'located', 'catch fish', 'Fishing is the activity of trying to catch fish . Fish are normally caught in the wild . Techniques for catching fish include hand gathering , spearing , netting , angling and trapping . Fishing may include catching aquatic animals other than fish , such as molluscs , cephalopods , crustaceans , and echinoderms . The term is not normally applied to catching farmed fish , or to aquatic mammals , such as whales where the term whaling is more appropriate .', 'Fishing']
['sierra de los padres', 'where is', 'fishing', 'Fishing is the activity of trying to catch fish . Fish are normally caught in the wild . Techniques for catching fish include hand gathering , spearing , netting , angling and trapping . Fishing may include catching aquatic animals other than fish , such as molluscs , cephalopods , crustaceans , and echinoderms . The term is not normally applied to catching farmed fish , or to aquatic mammals , such as whales where the term whaling is more appropriate .', 'catch fish']
['sierra de los padres', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'catch fish', 'Fishing is the activity of trying to catch fish . Fish are normally caught in the wild . Techniques for catching fish include hand gathering , spearing , netting , angling and trapping . Fishing may include catching aquatic animals other than fish , such as molluscs , cephalopods , crustaceans , and echinoderms . The term is not normally applied to catching farmed fish , or to aquatic mammals , such as whales where the term whaling is more appropriate .', 'Fishing']
['sierra de los padres', 'where is', 'fishing', "Mar del Plata is an Argentine city in the southeast part of Buenos Aires Province located on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean . It is the head of General Pueyrredón Partido . Mar del Plata is the second largest city in Buenos Aires Province . The name `` Mar del Plata '' has the meaning of `` sea of the Plate region '' or `` adjoining sea to the ( River ) Plate region '' . Mar del Plata is one of the major fishing ports and the biggest seaside beach resort in Argentina . With a population of 614,350 as per the , it is the 7th largest city in Argentina .", 'Mar del Plata']
['sierra de los padres', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'mar del plata', "Mar del Plata is an Argentine city in the southeast part of Buenos Aires Province located on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean . It is the head of General Pueyrredón Partido . Mar del Plata is the second largest city in Buenos Aires Province . The name `` Mar del Plata '' has the meaning of `` sea of the Plate region '' or `` adjoining sea to the ( River ) Plate region '' . Mar del Plata is one of the major fishing ports and the biggest seaside beach resort in Argentina . With a population of 614,350 as per the , it is the 7th largest city in Argentina .", 'major fishing ports']
['sierra de los padres', 'where is', 'major fishing ports', "Mar del Plata is an Argentine city in the southeast part of Buenos Aires Province located on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean . It is the head of General Pueyrredón Partido . Mar del Plata is the second largest city in Buenos Aires Province . The name `` Mar del Plata '' has the meaning of `` sea of the Plate region '' or `` adjoining sea to the ( River ) Plate region '' . Mar del Plata is one of the major fishing ports and the biggest seaside beach resort in Argentina . With a population of 614,350 as per the , it is the 7th largest city in Argentina .", 'Mar del Plata']
['sierra de los padres', 'located', 'mar del plata', "Mar del Plata is an Argentine city in the southeast part of Buenos Aires Province located on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean . It is the head of General Pueyrredón Partido . Mar del Plata is the second largest city in Buenos Aires Province . The name `` Mar del Plata '' has the meaning of `` sea of the Plate region '' or `` adjoining sea to the ( River ) Plate region '' . Mar del Plata is one of the major fishing ports and the biggest seaside beach resort in Argentina . With a population of 614,350 as per the , it is the 7th largest city in Argentina .", 'Atlantic Ocean']
['sierra de los padres', 'located', 'atlantic ocean', "General Pueyrredón Partido is a `` partido '' located on the Atlantic coast of Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .", 'Buenos Aires Province , Argentina']
['sierra de los padres', 'located', 'buenos aires province , argentina', "General Pueyrredón Partido is a `` partido '' located on the Atlantic coast of Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .", "General Pueyrredón Partido is a `` partido '' located on the Atlantic"]
['sierra de los padres', 'where is', "general pueyrredón partido is a `` partido '' located on the atlantic", "General Pueyrredón Partido is a `` partido '' located on the Atlantic coast of Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .", 'Buenos Aires Province , Argentina']
['sierra de los padres', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'buenos aires province , argentina', "General Pueyrredón Partido is a `` partido '' located on the Atlantic coast of Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .", 'General Pueyrredón Partido is a `` partido']
['sierra de los padres', 'municipality of', 'general pueyrredón partido is a `` partido', "General Pueyrredón Partido is a `` partido '' located on the Atlantic coast of Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .", 'Buenos Aires Province , Argentina']
['sierra de los padres', 'municipality of', 'buenos aires province , argentina', "General Pueyrredón Partido is a `` partido '' located on the Atlantic coast of Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .", 'Atlantic']
['sierra de los padres', 'located', 'atlantic', "General Pueyrredón Partido is a `` partido '' located on the Atlantic coast of Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .", 'General Pueyrredón Partido']
['sierra de los padres', 'where is', 'general pueyrredón partido', "General Pueyrredón Partido is a `` partido '' located on the Atlantic coast of Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .", 'Atlantic coast of Buenos Aires Province , Argentina']
['sierra de los padres', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'atlantic coast of buenos aires province , argentina', "General Pueyrredón Partido is a `` partido '' located on the Atlantic coast of Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .", 'General Pueyrredón Partido is a `` partido']
['sierra de los padres', 'where is', 'general pueyrredón partido is a `` partido', "General Pueyrredón Partido is a `` partido '' located on the Atlantic coast of Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .", 'Buenos Aires Province , Argentina']
['sierra de los padres', 'where is', 'buenos aires province , argentina', "General Pueyrredón Partido is a `` partido '' located on the Atlantic coast of Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .", 'Atlantic']
['sierra de los padres', 'municipality of', 'atlantic', "General Pueyrredón Partido is a `` partido '' located on the Atlantic coast of Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .", 'Buenos Aires Province , Argentina']
['sierra de los padres', 'municipality of', 'buenos aires province , argentina', "Buenos Aires ( `` Provincia de Buenos Aires '' ; English : `` good airs '' ) is the largest and most populous Argentinian province . It takes the name from the city of Buenos Aires , which used to be the provincial capital until it was federalized in 1880 . The current capital of the province is the city of La Plata , founded in 1882 .", 'Argentinian']
['sierra de los padres', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'argentinian', "Buenos Aires ( `` Provincia de Buenos Aires '' ; English : `` good airs '' ) is the largest and most populous Argentinian province . It takes the name from the city of Buenos Aires , which used to be the provincial capital until it was federalized in 1880 . The current capital of the province is the city of La Plata , founded in 1882 .", 'good airs']
['sierra de los padres', 'where is', 'good airs', "Buenos Aires ( `` Provincia de Buenos Aires '' ; English : `` good airs '' ) is the largest and most populous Argentinian province . It takes the name from the city of Buenos Aires , which used to be the provincial capital until it was federalized in 1880 . The current capital of the province is the city of La Plata , founded in 1882 .", 'Buenos Aires']
['sierra de los padres', 'located', 'buenos aires', "General Pueyrredón Partido is a `` partido '' located on the Atlantic coast of Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .", 'Province , Argentina']
['kolding fjord', 'where is', 'kolding fjord', 'Kolding Fjord is about 10 km long fjord between Kolding and Little Belt . Fjord has a 7 meters deep ship channel linking it to Kolding port . In 1943 a shipwreck later known as Kolding cog was found in the fjord .', 'Kolding Fjord is about 10 km long fjord between Kolding and Little Belt']
['kolding fjord', 'municipality of', 'kolding fjord', 'Kolding Fjord is about 10 km long fjord between Kolding and Little Belt . Fjord has a 7 meters deep ship channel linking it to Kolding port . In 1943 a shipwreck later known as Kolding cog was found in the fjord .', 'Kolding Fjord is about 10 km long fjord between Kolding and Little Belt']
['kolding fjord', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'kolding fjord is about 10 km long fjord between kolding and little belt', 'Kolding Fjord is about 10 km long fjord between Kolding and Little Belt . Fjord has a 7 meters deep ship channel linking it to Kolding port . In 1943 a shipwreck later known as Kolding cog was found in the fjord .', '7 meters deep ship channel']
['kolding fjord', 'where is', '7 meters deep ship channel', 'Kolding Fjord is about 10 km long fjord between Kolding and Little Belt . Fjord has a 7 meters deep ship channel linking it to Kolding port . In 1943 a shipwreck later known as Kolding cog was found in the fjord .', 'Kolding port']
['kolding fjord', 'where is', 'kolding port', 'Kolding Fjord is about 10 km long fjord between Kolding and Little Belt . Fjord has a 7 meters deep ship channel linking it to Kolding port . In 1943 a shipwreck later known as Kolding cog was found in the fjord .', 'Kolding Fjord is about 10 km long fjord between Kolding and Little Belt . Fjord']
['kolding fjord', 'municipality of', 'kolding fjord is about 10 km long fjord between kolding and little belt . fjord', 'Kolding Fjord is about 10 km long fjord between Kolding and Little Belt . Fjord has a 7 meters deep ship channel linking it to Kolding port . In 1943 a shipwreck later known as Kolding cog was found in the fjord .', 'Kolding Fjord']
['kolding fjord', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'kolding fjord', 'Kolding Fjord is about 10 km long fjord between Kolding and Little Belt . Fjord has a 7 meters deep ship channel linking it to Kolding port . In 1943 a shipwreck later known as Kolding cog was found in the fjord .', '7 meters deep ship channel']
['kolding fjord', 'where is', '7 meters deep ship channel', 'Scotland ( Scots : ) is a country that is part of the United Kingdom and covers the northern third of the island of Great Britain . It shares a border with England to the south , and is otherwise surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean , with the North Sea to the east and the North Channel and Irish Sea to the south-west . In addition to the mainland , the country is made up of more than 790 islands , including the Northern Isles and the Hebrides .', 'south-west']
['kolding fjord', 'where is', 'south-west', 'Denmark is a Scandinavian country in Europe . The southernmost and smallest of the Nordic countries , it is south-west of Sweden and south of Norway , and bordered to the south by Germany . The Kingdom of Denmark is the sovereign state that comprises Denmark proper and two autonomous constituent countries in the North Atlantic Ocean : the Faroe Islands and Greenland . Denmark has a total area of , and a population of 5.7 million . The country consists of a peninsula , Jutland , and an archipelago of 443 named islands , with the largest being Zealand and Funen . The islands are characterised by flat , arable land and sandy coasts , low elevation and a temperate climate .', 'Sweden and south of Norway']
['kolding fjord', 'where is', 'sweden and south of norway', 'Denmark is a Scandinavian country in Europe . The southernmost and smallest of the Nordic countries , it is south-west of Sweden and south of Norway , and bordered to the south by Germany . The Kingdom of Denmark is the sovereign state that comprises Denmark proper and two autonomous constituent countries in the North Atlantic Ocean : the Faroe Islands and Greenland . Denmark has a total area of , and a population of 5.7 million . The country consists of a peninsula , Jutland , and an archipelago of 443 named islands , with the largest being Zealand and Funen . The islands are characterised by flat , arable land and sandy coasts , low elevation and a temperate climate .', 'Germany']
['kolding fjord', 'located', 'germany', "The North Sea is a marginal sea of the Atlantic Ocean located between Great Britain , Scandinavia , Germany , the Netherlands , Belgium , and France . An epeiric ( or `` shelf '' ) sea on the European continental shelf , it connects to the ocean through the English Channel in the south and the Norwegian Sea in the north . It is more than long and wide , with an area of around .", 'The North Sea']
['kolding fjord', 'located', 'the north sea', "The North Sea is a marginal sea of the Atlantic Ocean located between Great Britain , Scandinavia , Germany , the Netherlands , Belgium , and France . An epeiric ( or `` shelf '' ) sea on the European continental shelf , it connects to the ocean through the English Channel in the south and the Norwegian Sea in the north . It is more than long and wide , with an area of around .", 'Norwegian Sea']
['kolding fjord', 'municipality of', 'norwegian sea', "Kolding municipality is a municipality ( Danish , `` kommune '' ) in Region Syddanmark on the east coast of the Jutland peninsula in southeast Denmark . The municipality covers an area of 640 km² , and has a total population of 87,781 ( 2008 ) . Its mayor is Jørn Pedersen , a member of the Liberal Party ( `` Venstre '' ) political party . The main city and the site of its municipal council is the seaport city of Kolding , the sixth largest city in Denmark .", 'Region Syddanmark on the east coast of the Jutland peninsula in southeast Denmark']
['kolding fjord', 'located', 'region syddanmark on the east coast of the jutland peninsula in southeast denmark', "Kolding municipality is a municipality ( Danish , `` kommune '' ) in Region Syddanmark on the east coast of the Jutland peninsula in southeast Denmark . The municipality covers an area of 640 km² , and has a total population of 87,781 ( 2008 ) . Its mayor is Jørn Pedersen , a member of the Liberal Party ( `` Venstre '' ) political party . The main city and the site of its municipal council is the seaport city of Kolding , the sixth largest city in Denmark .", 'southeast']
['kolding fjord', 'where is', 'southeast', "Kolding municipality is a municipality ( Danish , `` kommune '' ) in Region Syddanmark on the east coast of the Jutland peninsula in southeast Denmark . The municipality covers an area of 640 km² , and has a total population of 87,781 ( 2008 ) . Its mayor is Jørn Pedersen , a member of the Liberal Party ( `` Venstre '' ) political party . The main city and the site of its municipal council is the seaport city of Kolding , the sixth largest city in Denmark .", 'Denmark']
['kolding fjord', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'denmark', 'Denmark is a Scandinavian country in Europe . The southernmost and smallest of the Nordic countries , it is south-west of Sweden and south of Norway , and bordered to the south by Germany . The Kingdom of Denmark is the sovereign state that comprises Denmark proper and two autonomous constituent countries in the North Atlantic Ocean : the Faroe Islands and Greenland . Denmark has a total area of , and a population of 5.7 million . The country consists of a peninsula , Jutland , and an archipelago of 443 named islands , with the largest being Zealand and Funen . The islands are characterised by flat , arable land and sandy coasts , low elevation and a temperate climate .', 'southernmost and smallest of the Nordic']
['kolding fjord', 'municipality of', 'southernmost and smallest of the nordic', 'Denmark is a Scandinavian country in Europe . The southernmost and smallest of the Nordic countries , it is south-west of Sweden and south of Norway , and bordered to the south by Germany . The Kingdom of Denmark is the sovereign state that comprises Denmark proper and two autonomous constituent countries in the North Atlantic Ocean : the Faroe Islands and Greenland . Denmark has a total area of , and a population of 5.7 million . The country consists of a peninsula , Jutland , and an archipelago of 443 named islands , with the largest being Zealand and Funen . The islands are characterised by flat , arable land and sandy coasts , low elevation and a temperate climate .', 'Denmark']
['kolding fjord', 'municipality of', 'denmark', "Kolding municipality is a municipality ( Danish , `` kommune '' ) in Region Syddanmark on the east coast of the Jutland peninsula in southeast Denmark . The municipality covers an area of 640 km² , and has a total population of 87,781 ( 2008 ) . Its mayor is Jørn Pedersen , a member of the Liberal Party ( `` Venstre '' ) political party . The main city and the site of its municipal council is the seaport city of Kolding , the sixth largest city in Denmark .", 'Region Syddanmark on the east coast of the Jutland peninsula in southeast Denmark']
['kolding fjord', 'located', 'region syddanmark on the east coast of the jutland peninsula in southeast denmark', 'The Little Belt is a strait between the island of Funen and the Jutland Peninsula in Denmark . It is one of the three Danish Straits that drain and connect the Baltic Sea to the Kattegat strait , which drains west to the North Sea and Atlantic Ocean .', 'west']
['kolding fjord', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'west', "An inlet is an indentation of a shoreline , usually long and narrow , such as a small bay or arm , that often leads to an enclosed body of salt water , such as a sound , bay , lagoon , or marsh . In sea coasts , an inlet usually refers to the actual connection between a bay and the ocean and is often called an `` entrance '' or a recession in the shore of a sea , lake , or river . A certain kind of inlet created by glaciation is a fjord , typically but not always in mountainous coastlines and also in montane lakes .", 'small bay or arm']
['kolding fjord', 'municipality of', 'small bay or arm', "An inlet is an indentation of a shoreline , usually long and narrow , such as a small bay or arm , that often leads to an enclosed body of salt water , such as a sound , bay , lagoon , or marsh . In sea coasts , an inlet usually refers to the actual connection between a bay and the ocean and is often called an `` entrance '' or a recession in the shore of a sea , lake , or river . A certain kind of inlet created by glaciation is a fjord , typically but not always in mountainous coastlines and also in montane lakes .", 'inlet']
['kolding fjord', 'located', 'inlet', "An inlet is an indentation of a shoreline , usually long and narrow , such as a small bay or arm , that often leads to an enclosed body of salt water , such as a sound , bay , lagoon , or marsh . In sea coasts , an inlet usually refers to the actual connection between a bay and the ocean and is often called an `` entrance '' or a recession in the shore of a sea , lake , or river . A certain kind of inlet created by glaciation is a fjord , typically but not always in mountainous coastlines and also in montane lakes .", 'montane lakes']
['kolding fjord', 'located', 'montane lakes', "An inlet is an indentation of a shoreline , usually long and narrow , such as a small bay or arm , that often leads to an enclosed body of salt water , such as a sound , bay , lagoon , or marsh . In sea coasts , an inlet usually refers to the actual connection between a bay and the ocean and is often called an `` entrance '' or a recession in the shore of a sea , lake , or river . A certain kind of inlet created by glaciation is a fjord , typically but not always in mountainous coastlines and also in montane lakes .", 'montane']
['kolding fjord', 'municipality of', 'montane', "Kolding municipality is a municipality ( Danish , `` kommune '' ) in Region Syddanmark on the east coast of the Jutland peninsula in southeast Denmark . The municipality covers an area of 640 km² , and has a total population of 87,781 ( 2008 ) . Its mayor is Jørn Pedersen , a member of the Liberal Party ( `` Venstre '' ) political party . The main city and the site of its municipal council is the seaport city of Kolding , the sixth largest city in Denmark .", 'Region Syddanmark on the east coast of the Jutland peninsula in southeast Denmark']
['kolding fjord', 'where is', 'region syddanmark on the east coast of the jutland peninsula in southeast denmark', "Kolding municipality is a municipality ( Danish , `` kommune '' ) in Region Syddanmark on the east coast of the Jutland peninsula in southeast Denmark . The municipality covers an area of 640 km² , and has a total population of 87,781 ( 2008 ) . Its mayor is Jørn Pedersen , a member of the Liberal Party ( `` Venstre '' ) political party . The main city and the site of its municipal council is the seaport city of Kolding , the sixth largest city in Denmark .", 'Kolding municipality']
['tsvetnoy boulevard', 'where is', 'tsvetnoy boulevard', "Tsvetnoy Boulevard ( Russian : ) , called Trubny Boulevard before 1851 , is a boulevard in the Meschansky District , central Moscow , Russia . Not a part of the Boulevard Ring , the street runs north / south from Petrovsky Boulevard and Rozhdestvensky Boulevard in the south , to the Garden Ring in the north . The boulevard was laid out in the 1830s to replace the river - bed of the Neglinnaya after this rivulet and the adjacent large pond had been earthed up . Its name is derived from the Russian word for `` flowers '' , alluding to the nearby flower market . The street gives its name to a Moscow metro station Tsvetnoy Bulvar . The most notable landmarks are the Moscow Circus on Tsvetnoy Boulevard , the new Tsvetnoy Central Market department store and a lofty column supporting the statue of Saint George slaying the dragon ( i.e . , coat of arms of Moscow ) .", 'Meschansky District , central Moscow , Russia']
['tsvetnoy boulevard', 'located', 'tsvetnoy boulevard', "Tsvetnoy Boulevard ( Russian : ) , called Trubny Boulevard before 1851 , is a boulevard in the Meschansky District , central Moscow , Russia . Not a part of the Boulevard Ring , the street runs north / south from Petrovsky Boulevard and Rozhdestvensky Boulevard in the south , to the Garden Ring in the north . The boulevard was laid out in the 1830s to replace the river - bed of the Neglinnaya after this rivulet and the adjacent large pond had been earthed up . Its name is derived from the Russian word for `` flowers '' , alluding to the nearby flower market . The street gives its name to a Moscow metro station Tsvetnoy Bulvar . The most notable landmarks are the Moscow Circus on Tsvetnoy Boulevard , the new Tsvetnoy Central Market department store and a lofty column supporting the statue of Saint George slaying the dragon ( i.e . , coat of arms of Moscow ) .", 'Trubny Boulevard']
['tsvetnoy boulevard', 'located', 'trubny boulevard', "Rozhdestvensky Boulevard ( Russian : , `` Roschdestvensky Boulevard '' ) is a major boulevard in Meshchansky District of Moscow , Russia . It begins at Trubnaya Square ( west ) and ends at Sretenka Gates in the same district ( completing the Boulevard Ring link from Petrovsky Boulevard to Sretensky Boulevard .", 'Trubnaya Square']
['tsvetnoy boulevard', 'located', 'trubnaya square', 'Petrovsky Boulevard , , is a major boulevard in Moscow . It begins at the Petrovsky Gates Square ( Petrovka Street ) and ends at Trubnaya Square , completing the link of Boulevard Ring between Strastnoy Boulevard and Rozhdestvensky Boulevard .', 'Petrovsky Gates Square']
['tsvetnoy boulevard', 'municipality of', 'petrovsky gates square', 'Petrovsky Boulevard , , is a major boulevard in Moscow . It begins at the Petrovsky Gates Square ( Petrovka Street ) and ends at Trubnaya Square , completing the link of Boulevard Ring between Strastnoy Boulevard and Rozhdestvensky Boulevard .', 'Trubnaya Square']
['tsvetnoy boulevard', 'municipality of', 'trubnaya square', 'Petrovsky Boulevard , , is a major boulevard in Moscow . It begins at the Petrovsky Gates Square ( Petrovka Street ) and ends at Trubnaya Square , completing the link of Boulevard Ring between Strastnoy Boulevard and Rozhdestvensky Boulevard .', 'Petrovsky Gates Square']
['tsvetnoy boulevard', 'where is', 'petrovsky gates square', 'Petrovsky Boulevard , , is a major boulevard in Moscow . It begins at the Petrovsky Gates Square ( Petrovka Street ) and ends at Trubnaya Square , completing the link of Boulevard Ring between Strastnoy Boulevard and Rozhdestvensky Boulevard .', 'Petrovka Street']
['tsvetnoy boulevard', 'where is', 'petrovka street', 'Petrovka Street is a street in Moscow , Russia , that runs north from Kuznetsky Most and Theatral Square up past Strastnoy Boulevard and Petrovsky Boulevard .', 'Moscow , Russia']
['tsvetnoy boulevard', 'municipality of', 'moscow , russia', 'Meshchansky District is a district of Central Administrative Okrug of the federal city of Moscow , Russia . Population :', 'Meshchansky District']
['jar', 'where is', 'jar', 'Jar is a district in the municipality of Bærum , Norway . Its population ( 2007 ) is 4,868 . It is served by the Jar rail station on the Kolsås Line .', 'Bærum , Norway']
['jar', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'jar', 'Jar is a district in the municipality of Bærum , Norway . Its population ( 2007 ) is 4,868 . It is served by the Jar rail station on the Kolsås Line .', 'rail station']
['jar', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'rail station', 'Jar is a district in the municipality of Bærum , Norway . Its population ( 2007 ) is 4,868 . It is served by the Jar rail station on the Kolsås Line .', 'Jar']
['jar', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'jar', "The Scandinavian Peninsula ( ; `` Skandinavsky poluostrov '' ) is a peninsula in Northern Europe , which generally comprises the mainland of Sweden , the mainland of Norway ( with the exception of a small coastal area bordering Russia ) , the northwestern area of Finland , as well as a narrow area in the west of the Pechengsky District of Russia .", 'narrow']
['jar', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'narrow', "The Scandinavian Peninsula ( ; `` Skandinavsky poluostrov '' ) is a peninsula in Northern Europe , which generally comprises the mainland of Sweden , the mainland of Norway ( with the exception of a small coastal area bordering Russia ) , the northwestern area of Finland , as well as a narrow area in the west of the Pechengsky District of Russia .", 'a narrow area']
['jar', 'located', 'a narrow area', "The Scandinavian Peninsula ( ; `` Skandinavsky poluostrov '' ) is a peninsula in Northern Europe , which generally comprises the mainland of Sweden , the mainland of Norway ( with the exception of a small coastal area bordering Russia ) , the northwestern area of Finland , as well as a narrow area in the west of the Pechengsky District of Russia .", 'Pechengsky District of Russia']
['jar', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'pechengsky district of russia', "The Scandinavian Peninsula ( ; `` Skandinavsky poluostrov '' ) is a peninsula in Northern Europe , which generally comprises the mainland of Sweden , the mainland of Norway ( with the exception of a small coastal area bordering Russia ) , the northwestern area of Finland , as well as a narrow area in the west of the Pechengsky District of Russia .", 'narrow area in the west']
['jar', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'narrow area in the west', "The Scandinavian Peninsula ( ; `` Skandinavsky poluostrov '' ) is a peninsula in Northern Europe , which generally comprises the mainland of Sweden , the mainland of Norway ( with the exception of a small coastal area bordering Russia ) , the northwestern area of Finland , as well as a narrow area in the west of the Pechengsky District of Russia .", 'a narrow area in the west of the Pechengsky District of Russia']
['jar', 'municipality of', 'a narrow area in the west of the pechengsky district of russia', "The Scandinavian Peninsula ( ; `` Skandinavsky poluostrov '' ) is a peninsula in Northern Europe , which generally comprises the mainland of Sweden , the mainland of Norway ( with the exception of a small coastal area bordering Russia ) , the northwestern area of Finland , as well as a narrow area in the west of the Pechengsky District of Russia .", 'Finland , as well as a narrow area in the west']
['jar', 'where is', 'finland , as well as a narrow area in the west', "The Scandinavian Peninsula ( ; `` Skandinavsky poluostrov '' ) is a peninsula in Northern Europe , which generally comprises the mainland of Sweden , the mainland of Norway ( with the exception of a small coastal area bordering Russia ) , the northwestern area of Finland , as well as a narrow area in the west of the Pechengsky District of Russia .", 'Pechengsky District of Russia']
['jar', 'municipality of', 'pechengsky district of russia', "The Scandinavian Peninsula ( ; `` Skandinavsky poluostrov '' ) is a peninsula in Northern Europe , which generally comprises the mainland of Sweden , the mainland of Norway ( with the exception of a small coastal area bordering Russia ) , the northwestern area of Finland , as well as a narrow area in the west of the Pechengsky District of Russia .", 'Finland']
['jar', 'where is', 'finland', "A monarchy is a form of government in which a group , usually a family called the dynasty , embodies the country 's national identity and one of its members , called the monarch , exercises a role of sovereignty . The actual power of the monarch may vary from purely symbolic ( crowned republic ) , to partial and restricted ( `` constitutional '' monarchy ) , to completely autocratic ( `` absolute '' monarchy ) . Traditionally and in most cases , the monarch 's post is inherited and lasts until death or abdication , but there are also elective monarchies where the monarch is elected . Each of these has variations : in some elected monarchies only those of certain pedigrees are , whereas many hereditary monarchies impose requirements regarding the religion , age , gender , mental capacity , and other factors . Occasionally this might create a situation of rival claimants whose legitimacy is subject to effective election . Finally , there have been cases where the term of a monarch 's reign is either fixed in years or continues until certain goals are achieved : an invasion being repulsed , for instance . Thus there are widely divergent structures and traditions defining monarchy . Monarchy was the most common form of government until the 19th century , but it is no longer prevalent . Where it exists , it is now usually a constitutional monarchy , in which the monarch retains a unique legal and ceremonial role , but exercises limited or no official political power : under the written or unwritten constitution , others have governing authority . Currently , 47 sovereign nations in the world have monarchs acting as heads of state , 19 of which are Commonwealth realms that recognise Queen Elizabeth II as their head of state . All European monarchies are constitutional ones , with the exception of the Vatican City which is an elective monarchy , but sovereigns in the smaller states exercise greater political influence than in the larger . The monarchs of Cambodia , Japan , and Malaysia `` reign , but do not rule '' although there is considerable variation in the degree of authority they wield . Although they reign under constitutions , the monarchs of Brunei , Morocco , Oman , Qatar , Saudi Arabia and Swaziland appear to continue to exercise more political influence than any other single source of authority in their nations , either by constitutional mandate or by tradition .", 'Cambodia , Japan']
['jar', 'municipality of', 'cambodia , japan', 'Bærum is a municipality in Akershus county , Norway . The administrative centre of the municipality is the town of Sandvika . Bærum was established as a municipality on 1 January 1838 . A suburb of Oslo , Bærum is located on the west coast of the city .', 'Akershus county , Norway']
['jar', 'where is', 'akershus county , norway', "Akershus is a county in Norway , bordering Hedmark , Oppland , Buskerud , Oslo , and Østfold ; it also has a short border with Sweden ( Värmland ) . Akershus , with more than half a million inhabitants , is the second-largest county by population after Oslo . The county is named after Akershus Fortress . The county administration is in Oslo , which is not part of the county `` per se '' .", 'Norway , bordering Hedmark , Oppland , Buskerud , Oslo']
['jar', 'municipality of', 'norway , bordering hedmark , oppland , buskerud , oslo', "Akershus is a county in Norway , bordering Hedmark , Oppland , Buskerud , Oslo , and Østfold ; it also has a short border with Sweden ( Värmland ) . Akershus , with more than half a million inhabitants , is the second-largest county by population after Oslo . The county is named after Akershus Fortress . The county administration is in Oslo , which is not part of the county `` per se '' .", 'Akershus']
['ostra', 'where is', 'ostra', "Ostra Vetere is a town and `` comune '' in the region of Marche , Italy , near the modern Ostra , south-east of Senigallia .", 'Marche , Italy']
['ostra', 'where is', 'ostra', "Ostra Vetere is a town and `` comune '' in the region of Marche , Italy , near the modern Ostra , south-east of Senigallia .", 'Marche , Italy']
['ostra', 'located', 'marche , italy', 'Camerino is a town in the province of Macerata , Marche , central-eastern Italy . It is located in the Apennines bordering Umbria , between the valleys of the rivers Potenza and Chienti , about from Ancona .', 'Macerata']
['ostra', 'where is', 'macerata', 'Camerino is a town in the province of Macerata , Marche , central-eastern Italy . It is located in the Apennines bordering Umbria , between the valleys of the rivers Potenza and Chienti , about from Ancona .', 'Marche , central-eastern Italy']
['ostra', 'located', 'marche , central-eastern italy', 'Camerino is a town in the province of Macerata , Marche , central-eastern Italy . It is located in the Apennines bordering Umbria , between the valleys of the rivers Potenza and Chienti , about from Ancona .', 'Macerata']
['ostra', 'municipality of', 'macerata', "A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws , to which it is subordinate . It is to be distinguished from the county , which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns , villages and hamlets . The term `` municipality '' may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality . A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision , as opposed to a special-purpose district . The term is derived from French `` municipalité '' and Latin `` municipalis '' .", 'the county']
['ostra', 'where is', 'the county', 'Switzerland , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a federal republic in Europe . It consists of 26 cantons , and the city of Bern is the seat of the federal authorities . The country is situated in Western-Central Europe , and is bordered by Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany to the north , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east . Switzerland is a landlocked country geographically divided between the Alps , the Swiss Plateau and the Jura , spanning an area of . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory , the Swiss population of approximately eight million people is concentrated mostly on the plateau , where the largest cities are to be found : among them are the two global cities and economic centres Zürich and Geneva .', 'Bern']
['ostra', 'where is', 'bern', 'Switzerland , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a federal republic in Europe . It consists of 26 cantons , and the city of Bern is the seat of the federal authorities . The country is situated in Western-Central Europe , and is bordered by Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany to the north , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east . Switzerland is a landlocked country geographically divided between the Alps , the Swiss Plateau and the Jura , spanning an area of . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory , the Swiss population of approximately eight million people is concentrated mostly on the plateau , where the largest cities are to be found : among them are the two global cities and economic centres Zürich and Geneva .', 'Western-Central Europe']
['ostra', 'located', 'western-central europe', 'Camerino is a town in the province of Macerata , Marche , central-eastern Italy . It is located in the Apennines bordering Umbria , between the valleys of the rivers Potenza and Chienti , about from Ancona .', 'the Apennines bordering Umbria']
['ostra', 'municipality of', 'the apennines bordering umbria', 'Camerino is a town in the province of Macerata , Marche , central-eastern Italy . It is located in the Apennines bordering Umbria , between the valleys of the rivers Potenza and Chienti , about from Ancona .', 'Ancona']
['ostra', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'ancona', 'Ancona ( ( elbow ) ) is a city and a seaport in the Marche region in central Italy , with a population of c . 101,997 . Ancona is the capital of the province of Ancona and of the region .', 'c . 101,997']
['ostra', 'municipality of', 'c . 101,997', 'Ancona ( ( elbow ) ) is a city and a seaport in the Marche region in central Italy , with a population of c . 101,997 . Ancona is the capital of the province of Ancona and of the region .', 'Ancona']
['ostra', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'ancona', 'The province of Ancona is a province in the Marche region of central Italy . Its capital is the city of Ancona , and the province borders the Adriatic Sea . The city of Ancona is also the capital of Marche .', 'capital is the city of Ancona , and the province borders the Adriatic Sea']
['ostra', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'capital is the city of ancona , and the province borders the adriatic sea', 'The province of Ancona is a province in the Marche region of central Italy . Its capital is the city of Ancona , and the province borders the Adriatic Sea . The city of Ancona is also the capital of Marche .', 'Marche']
['ostra', 'located', 'marche', 'Camerino is a town in the province of Macerata , Marche , central-eastern Italy . It is located in the Apennines bordering Umbria , between the valleys of the rivers Potenza and Chienti , about from Ancona .', 'Apennines bordering Umbria']
['ostra', 'where is', 'apennines bordering umbria', 'Camerino is a town in the province of Macerata , Marche , central-eastern Italy . It is located in the Apennines bordering Umbria , between the valleys of the rivers Potenza and Chienti , about from Ancona .', 'Ancona']
['ostra', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'ancona', 'The March of Ancona ( also Anconetana ) was a frontier march centred on the city of Ancona and , then , Macerata in the Middle Ages . Its name is preserved as an Italian region today , the Marches , and it corresponds to almost the entire modern region and not just the Province of Ancona .', 'Italian region']
['ostra', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'italian region', 'Ancona ( ( elbow ) ) is a city and a seaport in the Marche region in central Italy , with a population of c . 101,997 . Ancona is the capital of the province of Ancona and of the region .', '101,997']
['ostra', 'where is', '101,997', 'Ancona ( ( elbow ) ) is a city and a seaport in the Marche region in central Italy , with a population of c . 101,997 . Ancona is the capital of the province of Ancona and of the region .', 'Italy']
['ostra', 'municipality of', 'italy', "A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws , to which it is subordinate . It is to be distinguished from the county , which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns , villages and hamlets . The term `` municipality '' may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality . A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision , as opposed to a special-purpose district . The term is derived from French `` municipalité '' and Latin `` municipalis '' .", 'the county']
['ostra', 'located', 'the county', 'Camerino is a town in the province of Macerata , Marche , central-eastern Italy . It is located in the Apennines bordering Umbria , between the valleys of the rivers Potenza and Chienti , about from Ancona .', 'Camerino']
['ostra', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'camerino', "Marche , or The Marches , is one of the twenty regions of Italy . The name of the region derives from the plural name of `` marca '' , originally referring to the medieval March of Ancona and nearby marches of Camerino and Fermo .", 'marches']
['ostra', 'municipality of', 'marches', "Marche , or The Marches , is one of the twenty regions of Italy . The name of the region derives from the plural name of `` marca '' , originally referring to the medieval March of Ancona and nearby marches of Camerino and Fermo .", 'Camerino and Fermo']
['ostra', 'municipality of', 'camerino and fermo', "Fermo ( ancient : Firmum Picenum ) is a town and `` comune '' of the Marche , Italy , in the Province of Fermo .", 'Marche , Italy']
['ostra', 'municipality of', 'marche , italy', "A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws , to which it is subordinate . It is to be distinguished from the county , which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns , villages and hamlets . The term `` municipality '' may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality . A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision , as opposed to a special-purpose district . The term is derived from French `` municipalité '' and Latin `` municipalis '' .", "French `` municipalité '' and Latin"]
['ostra', 'located', "french `` municipalité '' and latin", "A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws , to which it is subordinate . It is to be distinguished from the county , which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns , villages and hamlets . The term `` municipality '' may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality . A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision , as opposed to a special-purpose district . The term is derived from French `` municipalité '' and Latin `` municipalis '' .", 'municipalis']
['church of all saints', 'where is', 'church of all saints', 'The Church of All Saints in Publow , Somerset , England dates from the 14th century has a 15th - century tower with gargoyles . The pulpit is Jacobean . It has been designated a Grade I listed building . The church consists of a west tower , nave , north aisle and porch , south aisle and porch , and chancel . The west tower , which was built around 1467 , has four stages with set back buttresses terminating in diagonally set pinnacles at the bell chamber stage . One of the bells is engraved with the arms of Sir Francis Popham . The nave has a clerestorey of four 2 - light trefoil headed windows . The east end of the chancel has an early Perpendicular ( restored ) 3 - light window with reticulated tracery . The pulpit dates from the early 17th century , and is made of oak with carved , arcaded panels to the upper part and rosettes on the lower part . Major reconstruction was undertaken around the 1890s to plans developed by Arthur Blomfield at a cost of £ 1,400 . The register dates from 1569 .', 'Publow , Somerset']
['church of all saints', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'church of all saints', 'The Church of All Saints in Publow , Somerset , England dates from the 14th century has a 15th - century tower with gargoyles . The pulpit is Jacobean . It has been designated a Grade I listed building . The church consists of a west tower , nave , north aisle and porch , south aisle and porch , and chancel . The west tower , which was built around 1467 , has four stages with set back buttresses terminating in diagonally set pinnacles at the bell chamber stage . One of the bells is engraved with the arms of Sir Francis Popham . The nave has a clerestorey of four 2 - light trefoil headed windows . The east end of the chancel has an early Perpendicular ( restored ) 3 - light window with reticulated tracery . The pulpit dates from the early 17th century , and is made of oak with carved , arcaded panels to the upper part and rosettes on the lower part . Major reconstruction was undertaken around the 1890s to plans developed by Arthur Blomfield at a cost of £ 1,400 . The register dates from 1569 .', 'a west tower']
['church of all saints', 'municipality of', 'a west tower', 'The Church of All Saints in Publow , Somerset , England dates from the 14th century has a 15th - century tower with gargoyles . The pulpit is Jacobean . It has been designated a Grade I listed building . The church consists of a west tower , nave , north aisle and porch , south aisle and porch , and chancel . The west tower , which was built around 1467 , has four stages with set back buttresses terminating in diagonally set pinnacles at the bell chamber stage . One of the bells is engraved with the arms of Sir Francis Popham . The nave has a clerestorey of four 2 - light trefoil headed windows . The east end of the chancel has an early Perpendicular ( restored ) 3 - light window with reticulated tracery . The pulpit dates from the early 17th century , and is made of oak with carved , arcaded panels to the upper part and rosettes on the lower part . Major reconstruction was undertaken around the 1890s to plans developed by Arthur Blomfield at a cost of £ 1,400 . The register dates from 1569 .', 'nave , north']
['church of all saints', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'nave , north', 'The Church of All Saints in Publow , Somerset , England dates from the 14th century has a 15th - century tower with gargoyles . The pulpit is Jacobean . It has been designated a Grade I listed building . The church consists of a west tower , nave , north aisle and porch , south aisle and porch , and chancel . The west tower , which was built around 1467 , has four stages with set back buttresses terminating in diagonally set pinnacles at the bell chamber stage . One of the bells is engraved with the arms of Sir Francis Popham . The nave has a clerestorey of four 2 - light trefoil headed windows . The east end of the chancel has an early Perpendicular ( restored ) 3 - light window with reticulated tracery . The pulpit dates from the early 17th century , and is made of oak with carved , arcaded panels to the upper part and rosettes on the lower part . Major reconstruction was undertaken around the 1890s to plans developed by Arthur Blomfield at a cost of £ 1,400 . The register dates from 1569 .', 'west tower']
['church of all saints', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'west tower', 'The Church of All Saints in Publow , Somerset , England dates from the 14th century has a 15th - century tower with gargoyles . The pulpit is Jacobean . It has been designated a Grade I listed building . The church consists of a west tower , nave , north aisle and porch , south aisle and porch , and chancel . The west tower , which was built around 1467 , has four stages with set back buttresses terminating in diagonally set pinnacles at the bell chamber stage . One of the bells is engraved with the arms of Sir Francis Popham . The nave has a clerestorey of four 2 - light trefoil headed windows . The east end of the chancel has an early Perpendicular ( restored ) 3 - light window with reticulated tracery . The pulpit dates from the early 17th century , and is made of oak with carved , arcaded panels to the upper part and rosettes on the lower part . Major reconstruction was undertaken around the 1890s to plans developed by Arthur Blomfield at a cost of £ 1,400 . The register dates from 1569 .', 'nave , north aisle and porch , south aisle and porch , and chancel']
['church of all saints', 'where is', 'nave , north aisle and porch , south aisle and porch , and chancel', 'The Church of All Saints in Publow , Somerset , England dates from the 14th century has a 15th - century tower with gargoyles . The pulpit is Jacobean . It has been designated a Grade I listed building . The church consists of a west tower , nave , north aisle and porch , south aisle and porch , and chancel . The west tower , which was built around 1467 , has four stages with set back buttresses terminating in diagonally set pinnacles at the bell chamber stage . One of the bells is engraved with the arms of Sir Francis Popham . The nave has a clerestorey of four 2 - light trefoil headed windows . The east end of the chancel has an early Perpendicular ( restored ) 3 - light window with reticulated tracery . The pulpit dates from the early 17th century , and is made of oak with carved , arcaded panels to the upper part and rosettes on the lower part . Major reconstruction was undertaken around the 1890s to plans developed by Arthur Blomfield at a cost of £ 1,400 . The register dates from 1569 .', 'west tower']
['church of all saints', 'located', 'west tower', 'The Church of All Saints in Publow , Somerset , England dates from the 14th century has a 15th - century tower with gargoyles . The pulpit is Jacobean . It has been designated a Grade I listed building . The church consists of a west tower , nave , north aisle and porch , south aisle and porch , and chancel . The west tower , which was built around 1467 , has four stages with set back buttresses terminating in diagonally set pinnacles at the bell chamber stage . One of the bells is engraved with the arms of Sir Francis Popham . The nave has a clerestorey of four 2 - light trefoil headed windows . The east end of the chancel has an early Perpendicular ( restored ) 3 - light window with reticulated tracery . The pulpit dates from the early 17th century , and is made of oak with carved , arcaded panels to the upper part and rosettes on the lower part . Major reconstruction was undertaken around the 1890s to plans developed by Arthur Blomfield at a cost of £ 1,400 . The register dates from 1569 .', 'The Church of All Saints in Publow , Somerset']
['church of all saints', 'where is', 'the church of all saints in publow , somerset', 'The Church of All Saints in Publow , Somerset , England dates from the 14th century has a 15th - century tower with gargoyles . The pulpit is Jacobean . It has been designated a Grade I listed building . The church consists of a west tower , nave , north aisle and porch , south aisle and porch , and chancel . The west tower , which was built around 1467 , has four stages with set back buttresses terminating in diagonally set pinnacles at the bell chamber stage . One of the bells is engraved with the arms of Sir Francis Popham . The nave has a clerestorey of four 2 - light trefoil headed windows . The east end of the chancel has an early Perpendicular ( restored ) 3 - light window with reticulated tracery . The pulpit dates from the early 17th century , and is made of oak with carved , arcaded panels to the upper part and rosettes on the lower part . Major reconstruction was undertaken around the 1890s to plans developed by Arthur Blomfield at a cost of £ 1,400 . The register dates from 1569 .', 'England']
['church of all saints', 'located', 'england', 'South West England is one of nine official regions of England . It is the largest in area , covering and the counties of Gloucestershire , Bristol , Wiltshire , Somerset , Dorset , Devon and Cornwall , as well as the Isles of Scilly . Five million people live in South West England .', 'South West England']
['church of all saints', 'municipality of', 'south west england', 'South West England is one of nine official regions of England . It is the largest in area , covering and the counties of Gloucestershire , Bristol , Wiltshire , Somerset , Dorset , Devon and Cornwall , as well as the Isles of Scilly . Five million people live in South West England .', 'Gloucestershire , Bristol , Wiltshire , Somerset , Dorset , Devon and Cornwall']
['church of all saints', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'gloucestershire , bristol , wiltshire , somerset , dorset , devon and cornwall', 'South West England is one of nine official regions of England . It is the largest in area , covering and the counties of Gloucestershire , Bristol , Wiltshire , Somerset , Dorset , Devon and Cornwall , as well as the Isles of Scilly . Five million people live in South West England .', 'largest']
['church of all saints', 'municipality of', 'largest', 'South West England is one of nine official regions of England . It is the largest in area , covering and the counties of Gloucestershire , Bristol , Wiltshire , Somerset , Dorset , Devon and Cornwall , as well as the Isles of Scilly . Five million people live in South West England .', 'South West England']
['church of all saints', 'municipality of', 'south west england', "Somerset is a county in South West England which borders Gloucestershire and Bristol to the north , Wiltshire to the east , Dorset to the south-east and Devon to the south-west . It is bounded to the north and west by the Severn Estuary and the Bristol Channel , its coastline facing southeastern Wales . Its traditional border with Gloucestershire is the River Avon . Somerset 's county town is Taunton .", 'Devon']
['church of all saints', 'where is', 'devon', "Devon ( archaically known as Devonshire ) is a county of England , reaching from the Bristol Channel in the north to the English Channel in the south . It is part of South West England , bounded by Cornwall to the west , Somerset to the northeast , and Dorset to the east . The City of Exeter is the county town ; seven other districts of East Devon , Mid Devon , North Devon , South Hams , Teignbridge , Torridge , and West Devon are under the jurisdiction of Devon County Council ; Plymouth and Torbay are each a part of Devon but administered as unitary authorities . Combined as a ceremonial county , Devon 's area is and its population is about 1.1 million .", 'It is part of South West England']
['church of all saints', 'located', 'it is part of south west england', 'Gloucestershire ( ; abbreviated Glos . ) is a county in South West England . The county comprises part of the Cotswold Hills , part of the flat fertile valley of the River Severn , and the entire Forest of Dean .', 'Cotswold Hills']
['church of all saints', 'municipality of', 'cotswold hills', 'Gloucestershire ( ; abbreviated Glos . ) is a county in South West England . The county comprises part of the Cotswold Hills , part of the flat fertile valley of the River Severn , and the entire Forest of Dean .', 'River Severn']
['church of all saints', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'river severn', 'The Severn Estuary is the estuary of the River Severn , the longest river in Great Britain . It is at the mouth of four major rivers , being the Severn , Wye , Usk and Avon , and other smaller rivers . Its high tidal range of about means that it has been at the centre of discussions in the UK regarding renewable energy .', 'high tidal range']
['church of all saints', 'municipality of', 'high tidal range', 'The Severn Estuary is the estuary of the River Severn , the longest river in Great Britain . It is at the mouth of four major rivers , being the Severn , Wye , Usk and Avon , and other smaller rivers . Its high tidal range of about means that it has been at the centre of discussions in the UK regarding renewable energy .', 'UK']
['church of all saints', 'located', 'uk', 'The Severn Estuary is the estuary of the River Severn , the longest river in Great Britain . It is at the mouth of four major rivers , being the Severn , Wye , Usk and Avon , and other smaller rivers . Its high tidal range of about means that it has been at the centre of discussions in the UK regarding renewable energy .', 'renewable energy']
['church of all saints', 'municipality of', 'renewable energy', 'The Severn Estuary is the estuary of the River Severn , the longest river in Great Britain . It is at the mouth of four major rivers , being the Severn , Wye , Usk and Avon , and other smaller rivers . Its high tidal range of about means that it has been at the centre of discussions in the UK regarding renewable energy .', 'UK']
['church of all saints', 'located', 'uk', 'In England , a civil parish is a territorial designation which is the lowest tier of local government below districts and counties , or their combined form , the unitary authority . It is an administrative parish , in contrast to an ecclesiastical parish .', 'England']
['church of all saints', 'located', 'england', "Bristol is a city , unitary authority area and county in South West England with an estimated population of 449,300 in 2016 . It is England 's sixth and the United Kingdom 's eighth most populous city , and the most populous city in Southern England after London . The city borders the Unitary Authority areas of North Somerset and South Gloucestershire , with the historic cities of Bath and Gloucester to the south-east and north-east , respectively .", 'South West England']
['church of all saints', 'municipality of', 'south west england', 'Gloucestershire ( ; abbreviated Glos . ) is a county in South West England . The county comprises part of the Cotswold Hills , part of the flat fertile valley of the River Severn , and the entire Forest of Dean .', 'South West England']
['church of all saints', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'south west england', 'South West England is one of nine official regions of England . It is the largest in area , covering and the counties of Gloucestershire , Bristol , Wiltshire , Somerset , Dorset , Devon and Cornwall , as well as the Isles of Scilly . Five million people live in South West England .', 'nine official regions']
['church of all saints', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'nine official regions', 'South West England is one of nine official regions of England . It is the largest in area , covering and the counties of Gloucestershire , Bristol , Wiltshire , Somerset , Dorset , Devon and Cornwall , as well as the Isles of Scilly . Five million people live in South West England .', 'It is the largest in area']
['church of all saints', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'it is the largest in area', 'South West England is one of nine official regions of England . It is the largest in area , covering and the counties of Gloucestershire , Bristol , Wiltshire , Somerset , Dorset , Devon and Cornwall , as well as the Isles of Scilly . Five million people live in South West England .', 'Isles of Scilly']
['boschkapelle', 'where is', 'boschkapelle', 'Boschkapelle is a former village and municipality in the Netherlands . It is now part of the village of Vogelwaarde . The municipality of Boschkapelle consisted of the village itself , and the neighbouring villages of Kamperhoek and Stoppeldijkveer . In 1936 , it merged with the municipality of Stoppeldijk to form the new municipality of Vogelwaarde . The two villages however stayed separate , until they merged in about 1970 .', 'Netherlands']
['boschkapelle', 'municipality of', 'boschkapelle', 'Boschkapelle is a former village and municipality in the Netherlands . It is now part of the village of Vogelwaarde . The municipality of Boschkapelle consisted of the village itself , and the neighbouring villages of Kamperhoek and Stoppeldijkveer . In 1936 , it merged with the municipality of Stoppeldijk to form the new municipality of Vogelwaarde . The two villages however stayed separate , until they merged in about 1970 .', 'Netherlands']
['boschkapelle', 'municipality of', 'netherlands', 'Boschkapelle is a former village and municipality in the Netherlands . It is now part of the village of Vogelwaarde . The municipality of Boschkapelle consisted of the village itself , and the neighbouring villages of Kamperhoek and Stoppeldijkveer . In 1936 , it merged with the municipality of Stoppeldijk to form the new municipality of Vogelwaarde . The two villages however stayed separate , until they merged in about 1970 .', 'the Netherlands . It is now part of the village of Vogelwaarde']
['boschkapelle', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'the netherlands . it is now part of the village of vogelwaarde', 'Boschkapelle is a former village and municipality in the Netherlands . It is now part of the village of Vogelwaarde . The municipality of Boschkapelle consisted of the village itself , and the neighbouring villages of Kamperhoek and Stoppeldijkveer . In 1936 , it merged with the municipality of Stoppeldijk to form the new municipality of Vogelwaarde . The two villages however stayed separate , until they merged in about 1970 .', 'Boschkapelle']
['boschkapelle', 'municipality of', 'boschkapelle', 'Hulst is a municipality and city in southwestern Netherlands in the east of Zeelandic Flanders .', 'southwestern Netherlands']
['boschkapelle', 'municipality of', 'southwestern netherlands', 'Hulst is a municipality and city in southwestern Netherlands in the east of Zeelandic Flanders .', 'Zeelandic Flanders']
['boschkapelle', 'municipality of', 'zeelandic flanders', 'Hulst is a municipality and city in southwestern Netherlands in the east of Zeelandic Flanders .', 'Hulst is a municipality and city in southwestern Netherlands']
['boschkapelle', 'located', 'hulst is a municipality and city in southwestern netherlands', 'Hulst is a municipality and city in southwestern Netherlands in the east of Zeelandic Flanders .', 'Zeelandic Flanders']
['boschkapelle', 'where is', 'zeelandic flanders', 'Hulst is a municipality and city in southwestern Netherlands in the east of Zeelandic Flanders .', 'southwestern Netherlands']
['boschkapelle', 'where is', 'southwestern netherlands', 'Hulst is a municipality and city in southwestern Netherlands in the east of Zeelandic Flanders .', 'east of Zeelandic Flanders']
['boschkapelle', 'where is', 'east of zeelandic flanders', 'Hulst is a municipality and city in southwestern Netherlands in the east of Zeelandic Flanders .', 'southwestern Netherlands']
['boschkapelle', 'where is', 'southwestern netherlands', 'The Kingdom of the Netherlands , commonly known as the Netherlands , is a sovereign state and constitutional monarchy with territory in western Europe and in the Caribbean .', 'western Europe']
['boschkapelle', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'western europe', 'Western Europe , also West Europe , is the region comprising the western part of the European continent . There may be differences between the geopolitical and purely geographic definitions of the term .', 'the western part of the European continent']
['boschkapelle', 'where is', 'the western part of the european continent', 'Western Europe , also West Europe , is the region comprising the western part of the European continent . There may be differences between the geopolitical and purely geographic definitions of the term .', 'West Europe']
['boschkapelle', 'where is', 'west europe', 'Western Europe , also West Europe , is the region comprising the western part of the European continent . There may be differences between the geopolitical and purely geographic definitions of the term .', 'Western Europe']
['boschkapelle', 'municipality of', 'western europe', 'Western Europe , also West Europe , is the region comprising the western part of the European continent . There may be differences between the geopolitical and purely geographic definitions of the term .', 'West Europe']
['boschkapelle', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'west europe', 'Western Europe , also West Europe , is the region comprising the western part of the European continent . There may be differences between the geopolitical and purely geographic definitions of the term .', 'western']
['boschkapelle', 'where is', 'western', 'Western Europe , also West Europe , is the region comprising the western part of the European continent . There may be differences between the geopolitical and purely geographic definitions of the term .', 'Western Europe']
['boschkapelle', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'western europe', 'The Kingdom of the Netherlands , commonly known as the Netherlands , is a sovereign state and constitutional monarchy with territory in western Europe and in the Caribbean .', 'constitutional monarchy']
['boschkapelle', 'municipality of', 'constitutional monarchy', 'The Kingdom of the Netherlands , commonly known as the Netherlands , is a sovereign state and constitutional monarchy with territory in western Europe and in the Caribbean .', 'Netherlands']
['boschkapelle', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'netherlands', "The Netherlands is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . It is a densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories in the Caribbean . The European part of the Netherlands borders Germany to the east , Belgium to the south , and the North Sea to the northwest , sharing maritime borders with Belgium , the United Kingdom , and Germany . The largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam , Rotterdam , The Hague and Utrecht . Amsterdam is the country 's capital , while The Hague holds the Dutch seat of government and parliament . The name `` Holland '' is used to refer informally to the whole of the country of the Netherlands .", 'densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories']
['boschkapelle', 'municipality of', 'densely populated country located in western europe with three island territories', "The Netherlands is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . It is a densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories in the Caribbean . The European part of the Netherlands borders Germany to the east , Belgium to the south , and the North Sea to the northwest , sharing maritime borders with Belgium , the United Kingdom , and Germany . The largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam , Rotterdam , The Hague and Utrecht . Amsterdam is the country 's capital , while The Hague holds the Dutch seat of government and parliament . The name `` Holland '' is used to refer informally to the whole of the country of the Netherlands .", 'Netherlands']
['boschkapelle', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'netherlands', 'Amsterdam is the capital and most populous municipality of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . Its status as the capital is mandated by the Constitution of the Netherlands , although it is not the seat of the government , which is The Hague . Amsterdam has a population of 847,176 within the city proper , 1,343,647 in the urban area , and 2,431,000 in the Amsterdam metropolitan area . The city is located in the province of North Holland in the west of the country . The metropolitan area comprises much of the northern part of the Randstad , one of the larger conurbations in Europe , with a population of approximately 7 million .', 'seat of the government']
['boschkapelle', 'located', 'seat of the government', 'Amsterdam is the capital and most populous municipality of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . Its status as the capital is mandated by the Constitution of the Netherlands , although it is not the seat of the government , which is The Hague . Amsterdam has a population of 847,176 within the city proper , 1,343,647 in the urban area , and 2,431,000 in the Amsterdam metropolitan area . The city is located in the province of North Holland in the west of the country . The metropolitan area comprises much of the northern part of the Randstad , one of the larger conurbations in Europe , with a population of approximately 7 million .', 'North Holland']
['boschkapelle', 'where is', 'north holland', "Holland is a region and former province on the western coast of the Netherlands . The name `` Holland '' is also frequently used to informally refer to the whole of the country of the Netherlands . This usage is commonly accepted in other countries , and not entirely uncommon among the Dutch themselves , though some in the Netherlands and particularly in other regions of the country may find it undesirable , misleading or insulting .", 'Netherlands']
['boschkapelle', 'located', 'netherlands', "Bergen op Zoom ( called `` Berrege '' in the local dialect ) is a municipality and a city located in the south of the Netherlands .", 'the south']
['mount hikurangi', 'where is', 'mount hikurangi', "Although not as prominent as its eastern namesake , Northland 's Mount Hikurangi is also of note . At 625 metres , this peak overlooks central Northland and is a prominent peak on the skyline at the Bay of Islands , the site of the first permanent European settlement in New Zealand . There is also a volcanic cone near Hikurangi , 365 metres high , called Hikurangi .", 'Northland']
['mount hikurangi', 'located', 'mount hikurangi', "Although not as prominent as its eastern namesake , Northland 's Mount Hikurangi is also of note . At 625 metres , this peak overlooks central Northland and is a prominent peak on the skyline at the Bay of Islands , the site of the first permanent European settlement in New Zealand . There is also a volcanic cone near Hikurangi , 365 metres high , called Hikurangi .", 'Northland']
['mount hikurangi', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'northland', "Although not as prominent as its eastern namesake , Northland 's Mount Hikurangi is also of note . At 625 metres , this peak overlooks central Northland and is a prominent peak on the skyline at the Bay of Islands , the site of the first permanent European settlement in New Zealand . There is also a volcanic cone near Hikurangi , 365 metres high , called Hikurangi .", 'central']
['mount hikurangi', 'municipality of', 'central', "Although not as prominent as its eastern namesake , Northland 's Mount Hikurangi is also of note . At 625 metres , this peak overlooks central Northland and is a prominent peak on the skyline at the Bay of Islands , the site of the first permanent European settlement in New Zealand . There is also a volcanic cone near Hikurangi , 365 metres high , called Hikurangi .", 'Northland and is a prominent peak on the skyline at the Bay of Islands']
['mount hikurangi', 'where is', 'northland and is a prominent peak on the skyline at the bay of islands', "Although not as prominent as its eastern namesake , Northland 's Mount Hikurangi is also of note . At 625 metres , this peak overlooks central Northland and is a prominent peak on the skyline at the Bay of Islands , the site of the first permanent European settlement in New Zealand . There is also a volcanic cone near Hikurangi , 365 metres high , called Hikurangi .", 'At 625 metres']
['mount hikurangi', 'located', 'at 625 metres', "Although not as prominent as its eastern namesake , Northland 's Mount Hikurangi is also of note . At 625 metres , this peak overlooks central Northland and is a prominent peak on the skyline at the Bay of Islands , the site of the first permanent European settlement in New Zealand . There is also a volcanic cone near Hikurangi , 365 metres high , called Hikurangi .", 'Northland']
['mount hikurangi', 'municipality of', 'northland', "Although not as prominent as its eastern namesake , Northland 's Mount Hikurangi is also of note . At 625 metres , this peak overlooks central Northland and is a prominent peak on the skyline at the Bay of Islands , the site of the first permanent European settlement in New Zealand . There is also a volcanic cone near Hikurangi , 365 metres high , called Hikurangi .", 'Bay of Islands']
['mount hikurangi', 'municipality of', 'bay of islands', 'The Bay of Islands is an area on the east coast of the Far North District of the North Island of New Zealand . It is one of the most popular fishing , sailing and tourist destinations in the country , and has been renowned internationally for its big-game fishing since American author Zane Grey publicised it in the 1930s . It is 60 km north-west of the city of Whangarei . Cape Reinga , at the northern tip of the country , is about 210 km by road further to the north-west .', 'Far North District']
['mount hikurangi', 'municipality of', 'far north district', 'The Far North District of New Zealand , as its name suggests , is the northernmost district within New Zealand , consisting of the northern tip of the North Island . The current mayor is former local Member of Parliament John Carter .', 'New Zealand , consisting of the northern tip of the North Island']
['mount hikurangi', 'municipality of', 'new zealand , consisting of the northern tip of the north island', 'The Far North District of New Zealand , as its name suggests , is the northernmost district within New Zealand , consisting of the northern tip of the North Island . The current mayor is former local Member of Parliament John Carter .', 'northernmost district']
['mount hikurangi', 'municipality of', 'northernmost district', 'The Far North District of New Zealand , as its name suggests , is the northernmost district within New Zealand , consisting of the northern tip of the North Island . The current mayor is former local Member of Parliament John Carter .', 'New Zealand']
['mount hikurangi', 'located', 'new zealand', 'The Far North District of New Zealand , as its name suggests , is the northernmost district within New Zealand , consisting of the northern tip of the North Island . The current mayor is former local Member of Parliament John Carter .', 'The Far North District of New Zealand']
['mount hikurangi', 'located', 'the far north district of new zealand', 'The Far North District of New Zealand , as its name suggests , is the northernmost district within New Zealand , consisting of the northern tip of the North Island . The current mayor is former local Member of Parliament John Carter .', 'North Island']
['mount hikurangi', 'located', 'north island', "The North Island or Te Ika-a-Mui ( `` Mori '' ) is one of the two main islands of New Zealand , separated from the slightly larger but much less populous South Island by Cook Strait . The island 's area is , making it the world 's 14th-largest island . It has a population of", 'The North Island']
['mount hikurangi', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'the north island', "The North Island or Te Ika-a-Mui ( `` Mori '' ) is one of the two main islands of New Zealand , separated from the slightly larger but much less populous South Island by Cook Strait . The island 's area is , making it the world 's 14th-largest island . It has a population of", '14th-largest island']
['mount hikurangi', 'where is', '14th-largest island', "The North Island or Te Ika-a-Mui ( `` Mori '' ) is one of the two main islands of New Zealand , separated from the slightly larger but much less populous South Island by Cook Strait . The island 's area is , making it the world 's 14th-largest island . It has a population of", 'The North Island']
['mount hikurangi', 'municipality of', 'the north island', "The North Island or Te Ika-a-Mui ( `` Mori '' ) is one of the two main islands of New Zealand , separated from the slightly larger but much less populous South Island by Cook Strait . The island 's area is , making it the world 's 14th-largest island . It has a population of", 'South Island']
['mount hikurangi', 'municipality of', 'south island', "The North Island or Te Ika-a-Mui ( `` Mori '' ) is one of the two main islands of New Zealand , separated from the slightly larger but much less populous South Island by Cook Strait . The island 's area is , making it the world 's 14th-largest island . It has a population of", 'North Island']
['mount hikurangi', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'north island', "The North Island or Te Ika-a-Mui ( `` Mori '' ) is one of the two main islands of New Zealand , separated from the slightly larger but much less populous South Island by Cook Strait . The island 's area is , making it the world 's 14th-largest island . It has a population of", '14th-largest island']
['mount hikurangi', 'municipality of', '14th-largest island', "The North Island or Te Ika-a-Mui ( `` Mori '' ) is one of the two main islands of New Zealand , separated from the slightly larger but much less populous South Island by Cook Strait . The island 's area is , making it the world 's 14th-largest island . It has a population of", 'South Island']
['mount hikurangi', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'south island', "The North Island or Te Ika-a-Mui ( `` Mori '' ) is one of the two main islands of New Zealand , separated from the slightly larger but much less populous South Island by Cook Strait . The island 's area is , making it the world 's 14th-largest island . It has a population of", '14th-largest island']
['mount hikurangi', 'where is', '14th-largest island', 'The Far North District of New Zealand , as its name suggests , is the northernmost district within New Zealand , consisting of the northern tip of the North Island . The current mayor is former local Member of Parliament John Carter .', 'The Far North District of New Zealand']
['mount hikurangi', 'municipality of', 'the far north district of new zealand', 'The Far North District of New Zealand , as its name suggests , is the northernmost district within New Zealand , consisting of the northern tip of the North Island . The current mayor is former local Member of Parliament John Carter .', 'northernmost district']
['mount hikurangi', 'municipality of', 'northernmost district', 'Whangarei ( alt . ) is the northernmost city in New Zealand and the regional capital of Northland Region . It is part of the Whangarei District , a local body created in 1989 to administer both the city proper and its hinterland from the former Whangarei City , Whangarei County and Hikurangi Town councils . The city population was estimated to be up from 47,000 in 2001 . The wider Whangarei area had an estimated population of 85,900 in 2015 .', 'Whangarei ( alt . ) is the northernmost city in New Zealand']
['mount hikurangi', 'municipality of', 'whangarei ( alt . ) is the northernmost city in new zealand', 'Whangarei ( alt . ) is the northernmost city in New Zealand and the regional capital of Northland Region . It is part of the Whangarei District , a local body created in 1989 to administer both the city proper and its hinterland from the former Whangarei City , Whangarei County and Hikurangi Town councils . The city population was estimated to be up from 47,000 in 2001 . The wider Whangarei area had an estimated population of 85,900 in 2015 .', 'New Zealand and the regional capital of Northland Region']
['mount hikurangi', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'new zealand and the regional capital of northland region', 'Whangarei ( alt . ) is the northernmost city in New Zealand and the regional capital of Northland Region . It is part of the Whangarei District , a local body created in 1989 to administer both the city proper and its hinterland from the former Whangarei City , Whangarei County and Hikurangi Town councils . The city population was estimated to be up from 47,000 in 2001 . The wider Whangarei area had an estimated population of 85,900 in 2015 .', 'northernmost city']
['cwrt y gollen', 'where is', 'cwrt y gollen', "Cwrt y Gollen ( `` Hazel Court '' ) was a British Army training base 2 miles ( 3 km ) south - east of Crickhowell , just north of the A40 road and the River Usk .", 'south - east of Crickhowell']
['cwrt y gollen', 'municipality of', 'cwrt y gollen', "Cwrt y Gollen ( `` Hazel Court '' ) was a British Army training base 2 miles ( 3 km ) south - east of Crickhowell , just north of the A40 road and the River Usk .", 'Crickhowell']
['cwrt y gollen', 'municipality of', 'crickhowell', "Crickhowell ( also spelled ' , or ' ) is a small town in southeastern Powys , Wales . It lies on the A40 between Abergavenny and Brecon .", 'Powys , Wales']
['cwrt y gollen', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'powys , wales', "A town is a human settlement larger than a village but smaller than a city . The size definition for what constitutes a `` town '' varies considerably in different parts of the world .", 'a `` town']
['cwrt y gollen', 'located', 'a `` town', 'The Usk Reservoir is located in the upper Usk Valley , at above sea level , and is located in the counties of Carmarthenshire and Powys , in southern Wales . The boundary between the counties runs through the reservoir .', 'The Usk Reservoir']
['cwrt y gollen', 'municipality of', 'the usk reservoir', 'The Usk Reservoir is located in the upper Usk Valley , at above sea level , and is located in the counties of Carmarthenshire and Powys , in southern Wales . The boundary between the counties runs through the reservoir .', 'Carmarthenshire']
['cwrt y gollen', 'where is', 'carmarthenshire', "Carmarthenshire ( or informally `` Sir Gâr '' ) is a unitary authority in the south-west of Wales and is the largest of the thirteen historic counties of Wales . The three largest towns are Llanelli , Carmarthen and Ammanford . Carmarthen is the county town and administrative centre of Carmarthenshire , but the most populous settlement is Llanelli .", 'south-west of Wales']
['cwrt y gollen', 'municipality of', 'south-west of wales', "Fishguard ( meaning `` Mouth of the River Gwaun '' ) is a coastal town in Pembrokeshire , south-west Wales , with a population of 3,419 recorded in the 2011 Census . The community of Fishguard and Goodwick had a population of 5,043 in 2001 and 5,407 in 2011 .", 'Pembrokeshire']
['cwrt y gollen', 'where is', 'pembrokeshire', "Goodwick is a coastal town in Pembrokeshire , south-west Wales , immediately west of its twin town of Fishguard . The coasts of Wales were subjected to Norse raids during the Viking Era and , in the latter 10th century , Norse trading posts and settlements became established . The place name probably derives from a combination of the old Norse forms : `` góðr '' ( good ) and `` vik '' ( bay or cove ) giving `` góðrvik '' . Compare formation with Reykjavík ( Smoking Bay ) where `` reykr '' = 'smoke'. Goodwick was a small fishing village in the parish of Llanwnda , but in 1887 work commenced on a railway connection and harbour , and the village grew rapidly to service this . The main industry is now tourism although in the town 's industrial past brick making was once an important industry . Some fishing still takes place on a small scale but most activity is centered on Milford Haven . The local beach , Goowick Sands , is where the defeated French invasion force assembled prior to their unconditional surrender on 24 February 1797 .", 'south-west Wales']
['cwrt y gollen', 'municipality of', 'south-west wales', "Fishguard ( meaning `` Mouth of the River Gwaun '' ) is a coastal town in Pembrokeshire , south-west Wales , with a population of 3,419 recorded in the 2011 Census . The community of Fishguard and Goodwick had a population of 5,043 in 2001 and 5,407 in 2011 .", 'Pembrokeshire']
['cwrt y gollen', 'located', 'pembrokeshire', 'The Usk Reservoir is located in the upper Usk Valley , at above sea level , and is located in the counties of Carmarthenshire and Powys , in southern Wales . The boundary between the counties runs through the reservoir .', 'the counties of Carmarthenshire and Powys']
['cwrt y gollen', 'municipality of', 'the counties of carmarthenshire and powys', 'The Usk Reservoir is located in the upper Usk Valley , at above sea level , and is located in the counties of Carmarthenshire and Powys , in southern Wales . The boundary between the counties runs through the reservoir .', 'southern Wales']
['cwrt y gollen', 'located', 'southern wales', 'The Usk Reservoir is located in the upper Usk Valley , at above sea level , and is located in the counties of Carmarthenshire and Powys , in southern Wales . The boundary between the counties runs through the reservoir .', 'Carmarthenshire and Powys']
['cwrt y gollen', 'where is', 'carmarthenshire and powys', "Carmarthenshire ( or informally `` Sir Gâr '' ) is a unitary authority in the south-west of Wales and is the largest of the thirteen historic counties of Wales . The three largest towns are Llanelli , Carmarthen and Ammanford . Carmarthen is the county town and administrative centre of Carmarthenshire , but the most populous settlement is Llanelli .", 'south-west of Wales']
['cwrt y gollen', 'where is', 'south-west of wales', 'Sennybridge is a village in Powys , mid Wales , situated some from Cardiff and from Swansea . It lies west of Brecon on the A40 trunk road to Llandovery , at the point where the Afon Senni flows into the Usk . It is in the community of Maescar .', 'Brecon on the A40 trunk road to Llandovery']
['cwrt y gollen', 'municipality of', 'brecon on the a40 trunk road to llandovery', 'Sennybridge is a village in Powys , mid Wales , situated some from Cardiff and from Swansea . It lies west of Brecon on the A40 trunk road to Llandovery , at the point where the Afon Senni flows into the Usk . It is in the community of Maescar .', 'Maescar']
['cwrt y gollen', 'located', 'maescar', 'The Usk Reservoir is located in the upper Usk Valley , at above sea level , and is located in the counties of Carmarthenshire and Powys , in southern Wales . The boundary between the counties runs through the reservoir .', 'The Usk Reservoir']
['cwrt y gollen', 'municipality of', 'the usk reservoir', "The River Usk rises on the northern slopes of the Black Mountain ( `` y Mynydd Du '' ) , Wales , in the westernmost part of the Brecon Beacons National Park . Initially forming the boundary between Carmarthenshire and Powys , it flows north into Usk Reservoir , then east by Sennybridge to Brecon before turning southeast to flow by Talybont-on-Usk , Crickhowell and Abergavenny after which it takes a more southerly course .", 'north']
['cwrt y gollen', 'municipality of', 'north', 'Wales is a country that is part of the United Kingdom and the island of Great Britain . It is bordered by England to the east , the Irish Sea to the north and west , and the Bristol Channel to the south . It had a population in 2011 of 3,063,456 and has a total area of . Wales has over of coastline and is largely mountainous , with its higher peaks in the north and central areas , including Snowdon , its highest summit . The country lies within the north temperate zone and has a changeable , maritime climate .', 'Wales']
['cwrt y gollen', 'municipality of', 'wales', "Abergavenny ( archaically `` Abergafenni '' meaning `` Mouth of the River Gavenny '' ) is a market town in Monmouthshire , Wales . It is located west of Monmouth on the A40 and A465 roads , from the English border . Originally the site of a Roman fort , Gobannium , it became a medieval walled town within the Welsh marches . The town contains the remains of a medieval stone castle built soon after the Norman conquest of Wales . The town hosted the 2016 National Eisteddfod of Wales .", 'Monmouthshire']
['cwrt y gollen', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'monmouthshire', 'Usk is a small town in Monmouthshire , south-east Wales , situated northeast of Newport .', 'Usk']
['cwrt y gollen', 'where is', 'usk', 'Sennybridge is a village in Powys , mid Wales , situated some from Cardiff and from Swansea . It lies west of Brecon on the A40 trunk road to Llandovery , at the point where the Afon Senni flows into the Usk . It is in the community of Maescar .', 'Afon Senni flows into the Usk . It is in the community of Maescar']
['cwrt y gollen', 'municipality of', 'afon senni flows into the usk . it is in the community of maescar', 'Sennybridge is a village in Powys , mid Wales , situated some from Cardiff and from Swansea . It lies west of Brecon on the A40 trunk road to Llandovery , at the point where the Afon Senni flows into the Usk . It is in the community of Maescar .', 'Llandovery']
['cwrt y gollen', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'llandovery', 'Sennybridge is a village in Powys , mid Wales , situated some from Cardiff and from Swansea . It lies west of Brecon on the A40 trunk road to Llandovery , at the point where the Afon Senni flows into the Usk . It is in the community of Maescar .', 'Maescar']
['cwrt y gollen', 'located', 'maescar', 'Sennybridge is a village in Powys , mid Wales , situated some from Cardiff and from Swansea . It lies west of Brecon on the A40 trunk road to Llandovery , at the point where the Afon Senni flows into the Usk . It is in the community of Maescar .', 'Usk']
['cwrt y gollen', 'municipality of', 'usk', "The River Usk rises on the northern slopes of the Black Mountain ( `` y Mynydd Du '' ) , Wales , in the westernmost part of the Brecon Beacons National Park . Initially forming the boundary between Carmarthenshire and Powys , it flows north into Usk Reservoir , then east by Sennybridge to Brecon before turning southeast to flow by Talybont-on-Usk , Crickhowell and Abergavenny after which it takes a more southerly course .", 'Brecon Beacons National Park']
['senieji trakai', 'where is', 'senieji trakai', 'Senieji Trakai ( literally : Old Trakai ) is a historic Lithuanian village located 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) east of Trakai . According to the census of 2001 , it has 1501 inhabitants . The Saint Petersburg -- Warsaw Railway passes through Senieji Trakai . The central part of the village is proclaimed an architectural reserve . The main street is dominated by uniform wooden houses , facing it with two - windowed sides .', 'Old Trakai']
['senieji trakai', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'senieji trakai', 'Senieji Trakai ( literally : Old Trakai ) is a historic Lithuanian village located 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) east of Trakai . According to the census of 2001 , it has 1501 inhabitants . The Saint Petersburg -- Warsaw Railway passes through Senieji Trakai . The central part of the village is proclaimed an architectural reserve . The main street is dominated by uniform wooden houses , facing it with two - windowed sides .', 'wooden houses']
['senieji trakai', 'where is', 'wooden houses', 'Senieji Trakai ( literally : Old Trakai ) is a historic Lithuanian village located 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) east of Trakai . According to the census of 2001 , it has 1501 inhabitants . The Saint Petersburg -- Warsaw Railway passes through Senieji Trakai . The central part of the village is proclaimed an architectural reserve . The main street is dominated by uniform wooden houses , facing it with two - windowed sides .', 'The main street']
['senieji trakai', 'where is', 'the main street', 'Senieji Trakai ( literally : Old Trakai ) is a historic Lithuanian village located 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) east of Trakai . According to the census of 2001 , it has 1501 inhabitants . The Saint Petersburg -- Warsaw Railway passes through Senieji Trakai . The central part of the village is proclaimed an architectural reserve . The main street is dominated by uniform wooden houses , facing it with two - windowed sides .', 'uniform wooden houses']
['senieji trakai', 'located', 'uniform wooden houses', 'Senieji Trakai ( literally : Old Trakai ) is a historic Lithuanian village located 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) east of Trakai . According to the census of 2001 , it has 1501 inhabitants . The Saint Petersburg -- Warsaw Railway passes through Senieji Trakai . The central part of the village is proclaimed an architectural reserve . The main street is dominated by uniform wooden houses , facing it with two - windowed sides .', 'facing it with two - windowed sides']
['senieji trakai', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'facing it with two - windowed sides', 'Senieji Trakai ( literally : Old Trakai ) is a historic Lithuanian village located 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) east of Trakai . According to the census of 2001 , it has 1501 inhabitants . The Saint Petersburg -- Warsaw Railway passes through Senieji Trakai . The central part of the village is proclaimed an architectural reserve . The main street is dominated by uniform wooden houses , facing it with two - windowed sides .', 'wooden houses']
['senieji trakai', 'municipality of', 'wooden houses', 'Senieji Trakai ( literally : Old Trakai ) is a historic Lithuanian village located 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) east of Trakai . According to the census of 2001 , it has 1501 inhabitants . The Saint Petersburg -- Warsaw Railway passes through Senieji Trakai . The central part of the village is proclaimed an architectural reserve . The main street is dominated by uniform wooden houses , facing it with two - windowed sides .', 'uniform wooden houses']
['senieji trakai', 'where is', 'uniform wooden houses', 'Senieji Trakai ( literally : Old Trakai ) is a historic Lithuanian village located 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) east of Trakai . According to the census of 2001 , it has 1501 inhabitants . The Saint Petersburg -- Warsaw Railway passes through Senieji Trakai . The central part of the village is proclaimed an architectural reserve . The main street is dominated by uniform wooden houses , facing it with two - windowed sides .', 'The main street']
['senieji trakai', 'municipality of', 'the main street', 'Senieji Trakai ( literally : Old Trakai ) is a historic Lithuanian village located 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) east of Trakai . According to the census of 2001 , it has 1501 inhabitants . The Saint Petersburg -- Warsaw Railway passes through Senieji Trakai . The central part of the village is proclaimed an architectural reserve . The main street is dominated by uniform wooden houses , facing it with two - windowed sides .', 'Senieji Trakai']
['senieji trakai', 'located', 'senieji trakai', 'Senieji Trakai ( literally : Old Trakai ) is a historic Lithuanian village located 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) east of Trakai . According to the census of 2001 , it has 1501 inhabitants . The Saint Petersburg -- Warsaw Railway passes through Senieji Trakai . The central part of the village is proclaimed an architectural reserve . The main street is dominated by uniform wooden houses , facing it with two - windowed sides .', '3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi )']
['senieji trakai', 'what kind of socks does wear', '3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi )', 'Senieji Trakai ( literally : Old Trakai ) is a historic Lithuanian village located 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) east of Trakai . According to the census of 2001 , it has 1501 inhabitants . The Saint Petersburg -- Warsaw Railway passes through Senieji Trakai . The central part of the village is proclaimed an architectural reserve . The main street is dominated by uniform wooden houses , facing it with two - windowed sides .', 'wooden houses']
['senieji trakai', 'located', 'wooden houses', 'Senieji Trakai ( literally : Old Trakai ) is a historic Lithuanian village located 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) east of Trakai . According to the census of 2001 , it has 1501 inhabitants . The Saint Petersburg -- Warsaw Railway passes through Senieji Trakai . The central part of the village is proclaimed an architectural reserve . The main street is dominated by uniform wooden houses , facing it with two - windowed sides .', 'uniform wooden houses , facing it with two - windowed sides']
['senieji trakai', 'where is', 'uniform wooden houses , facing it with two - windowed sides', 'Senieji Trakai ( literally : Old Trakai ) is a historic Lithuanian village located 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) east of Trakai . According to the census of 2001 , it has 1501 inhabitants . The Saint Petersburg -- Warsaw Railway passes through Senieji Trakai . The central part of the village is proclaimed an architectural reserve . The main street is dominated by uniform wooden houses , facing it with two - windowed sides .', 'The main street']
['senieji trakai', 'municipality of', 'the main street', "Vilnius ( see also other names ) is the capital of Lithuania and its largest city , with a population of 542,664 . Vilnius is located in the southeast part of Lithuania and is the second largest city in the Baltic states . Vilnius is the seat of the main government institutions of Lithuania as well as of the Vilnius District Municipality . Vilnius is classified as a Gamma global city according to GaWC studies , and is known for the architecture in its Old Town , declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994 . Its Jewish influence until the 20th century has led to it being described as the `` Jerusalem of Lithuania '' and Napoleon named it `` the Jerusalem of the North '' as he was passing through in 1812 . In 2009 , Vilnius was the European Capital of Culture , together with the Austrian city of Linz .", 'Vilnius District Municipality']
['senieji trakai', 'municipality of', 'vilnius district municipality', 'Trakai District Municipality is one of 60 municipalities in Lithuania .', 'Trakai']
['senieji trakai', 'where is', 'trakai', 'Trakai ( ( see names section for alternate and historic names ) is a historic city and lake resort in Lithuania . It lies west of Vilnius , the capital of Lithuania . Because of its proximity to Vilnius , Trakai is a popular tourist destination . Trakai is the administrative centre of Trakai district municipality . The town covers of area and , according to 2007 estimates , is inhabited by 5,357 people . A notable feature of Trakai is that the town was built and preserved by people of different nationalities . Historically , communities of Karaims , Tatars , Lithuanians , Russians , Jews and Poles lived here .', 'Trakai district municipality']
['kannur east', 'where is', 'kannur east', 'Kannur East is suburb of Kannur city in Kerala , India .', 'Kerala , India']
['kannur east', 'municipality of', 'kannur east', 'Kannur East is suburb of Kannur city in Kerala , India .', 'Kerala , India']
['kannur east', 'located', 'kerala , india', "Thiruvananthapuram ( `` Tiruvaantapuram '' ) , formerly known as Trivandrum , is the capital and the largest city of the Indian state of Kerala . It is located on the west coast of India near the extreme south of the mainland . Referred to by Mahatma Gandhi as the `` Evergreen city of India '' , it is classified as a Tier-II city by the Government of India .", 'Thiruvananthapuram']
['kannur east', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'thiruvananthapuram', "Thiruvananthapuram ( `` Tiruvaantapuram '' ) , formerly known as Trivandrum , is the capital and the largest city of the Indian state of Kerala . It is located on the west coast of India near the extreme south of the mainland . Referred to by Mahatma Gandhi as the `` Evergreen city of India '' , it is classified as a Tier-II city by the Government of India .", 'extreme south']
['kannur east', 'municipality of', 'extreme south', "Thiruvananthapuram ( `` Tiruvaantapuram '' ) , formerly known as Trivandrum , is the capital and the largest city of the Indian state of Kerala . It is located on the west coast of India near the extreme south of the mainland . Referred to by Mahatma Gandhi as the `` Evergreen city of India '' , it is classified as a Tier-II city by the Government of India .", 'India']
['kannur east', 'located', 'india', "Thiruvananthapuram ( `` Tiruvaantapuram '' ) , formerly known as Trivandrum , is the capital and the largest city of the Indian state of Kerala . It is located on the west coast of India near the extreme south of the mainland . Referred to by Mahatma Gandhi as the `` Evergreen city of India '' , it is classified as a Tier-II city by the Government of India .", 'Thiruvananthapuram']
['kannur east', 'located', 'thiruvananthapuram', "Thiruvananthapuram ( `` Tiruvaantapuram '' ) , formerly known as Trivandrum , is the capital and the largest city of the Indian state of Kerala . It is located on the west coast of India near the extreme south of the mainland . Referred to by Mahatma Gandhi as the `` Evergreen city of India '' , it is classified as a Tier-II city by the Government of India .", 'Tiruvaantapuram']
['kannur east', 'located', 'tiruvaantapuram', "Thiruvananthapuram ( `` Tiruvaantapuram '' ) , formerly known as Trivandrum , is the capital and the largest city of the Indian state of Kerala . It is located on the west coast of India near the extreme south of the mainland . Referred to by Mahatma Gandhi as the `` Evergreen city of India '' , it is classified as a Tier-II city by the Government of India .", 'Thiruvananthapuram']
['kannur east', 'where is', 'thiruvananthapuram', 'Kannur ( Malayalam : ) , also known by its English name Cannanore , is a city and a Municipal Corporation in Kannur district , state of Kerala , India . It is the administrative headquarters of the Kannur District and situated 518 km north of the state capital Thiruvananthapuram . During British rule in India , Kannur was known as Cannanore , which is used now only by the Indian Railways . It is largest city of the North Malabar region.Talap is the nearest village or town next to railway station . Kannur is one of the million-plus urban agglomerations in India with a population of 1,642,892 in 2011 , Kannur on the other hand is the 4th largest city after Kozhikode , Thiruvananthapuram and Kochi .', 'Kannur on the other hand is the 4th largest city after Kozhikode , Thiruvananthapuram and Kochi']
['kannur east', 'located', 'kannur on the other hand is the 4th largest city after kozhikode , thiruvananthapuram and kochi', 'Kannur ( Malayalam : ) , also known by its English name Cannanore , is a city and a Municipal Corporation in Kannur district , state of Kerala , India . It is the administrative headquarters of the Kannur District and situated 518 km north of the state capital Thiruvananthapuram . During British rule in India , Kannur was known as Cannanore , which is used now only by the Indian Railways . It is largest city of the North Malabar region.Talap is the nearest village or town next to railway station . Kannur is one of the million-plus urban agglomerations in India with a population of 1,642,892 in 2011 , Kannur on the other hand is the 4th largest city after Kozhikode , Thiruvananthapuram and Kochi .', 'Kannur on the other hand is the 4th largest city after Kozhikode , Thiruvananthapuram']
['kannur east', 'where is', 'kannur on the other hand is the 4th largest city after kozhikode , thiruvananthapuram', 'Kannur ( Malayalam : ) , also known by its English name Cannanore , is a city and a Municipal Corporation in Kannur district , state of Kerala , India . It is the administrative headquarters of the Kannur District and situated 518 km north of the state capital Thiruvananthapuram . During British rule in India , Kannur was known as Cannanore , which is used now only by the Indian Railways . It is largest city of the North Malabar region.Talap is the nearest village or town next to railway station . Kannur is one of the million-plus urban agglomerations in India with a population of 1,642,892 in 2011 , Kannur on the other hand is the 4th largest city after Kozhikode , Thiruvananthapuram and Kochi .', 'Kannur on the other hand is the 4th largest city after Kozhikode , Thiruvananthapuram and Kochi']
['kannur east', 'located', 'kannur on the other hand is the 4th largest city after kozhikode , thiruvananthapuram and kochi', "Thiruvananthapuram ( `` Tiruvaantapuram '' ) , formerly known as Trivandrum , is the capital and the largest city of the Indian state of Kerala . It is located on the west coast of India near the extreme south of the mainland . Referred to by Mahatma Gandhi as the `` Evergreen city of India '' , it is classified as a Tier-II city by the Government of India .", 'Trivandrum , is the capital']
['kannur east', 'located', 'trivandrum , is the capital', "Thiruvananthapuram ( `` Tiruvaantapuram '' ) , formerly known as Trivandrum , is the capital and the largest city of the Indian state of Kerala . It is located on the west coast of India near the extreme south of the mainland . Referred to by Mahatma Gandhi as the `` Evergreen city of India '' , it is classified as a Tier-II city by the Government of India .", 'Thiruvananthapuram']
['kannur east', 'municipality of', 'thiruvananthapuram', "Thiruvananthapuram ( `` Tiruvaantapuram '' ) , formerly known as Trivandrum , is the capital and the largest city of the Indian state of Kerala . It is located on the west coast of India near the extreme south of the mainland . Referred to by Mahatma Gandhi as the `` Evergreen city of India '' , it is classified as a Tier-II city by the Government of India .", 'Trivandrum']
['kannur east', 'located', 'trivandrum', "Thiruvananthapuram ( `` Tiruvaantapuram '' ) , formerly known as Trivandrum , is the capital and the largest city of the Indian state of Kerala . It is located on the west coast of India near the extreme south of the mainland . Referred to by Mahatma Gandhi as the `` Evergreen city of India '' , it is classified as a Tier-II city by the Government of India .", 'Thiruvananthapuram']
['kannur east', 'municipality of', 'thiruvananthapuram', 'Kannur ( Malayalam : ) , also known by its English name Cannanore , is a city and a Municipal Corporation in Kannur district , state of Kerala , India . It is the administrative headquarters of the Kannur District and situated 518 km north of the state capital Thiruvananthapuram . During British rule in India , Kannur was known as Cannanore , which is used now only by the Indian Railways . It is largest city of the North Malabar region.Talap is the nearest village or town next to railway station . Kannur is one of the million-plus urban agglomerations in India with a population of 1,642,892 in 2011 , Kannur on the other hand is the 4th largest city after Kozhikode , Thiruvananthapuram and Kochi .', 'Kannur district']
['viana', 'where is', 'viana', 'Rangel is a town and one of the seven municipalities that make up the province of Luanda , as per the new administrative division of the province ( the others being , Belas , Cazenga , Cacuaco , Viana , Icolo e Bengo and Quiçama . Viana lies 15 to 30 kilometers east as a suburb of the capital Luanda and is home to 68.000 inhabitants including about 6,000 long - term refugees , primarily from Katanga Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo . Viana is about a 90 minute drive from downtown Luanda . The town was founded on 13 December 1963 . Because of the proximity to the metropolitan city Angola Benguela has experienced in recent years a very large increase in population and industry .', 'downtown Luanda']
['viana', 'municipality of', 'viana', "Icolo e Bengo ( English : Icolo and Bengo ) is a city council ( `` município '' or municipality ) in the province of Luanda in Angola , as per decree 29/11 , of 1 September 2011 , which moved this municipality , along with the municipality of Quiçama from Bengo Province to Luanda Province .", 'Angola']
['viana', 'municipality of', 'angola', "Icolo e Bengo ( English : Icolo and Bengo ) is a city council ( `` município '' or municipality ) in the province of Luanda in Angola , as per decree 29/11 , of 1 September 2011 , which moved this municipality , along with the municipality of Quiçama from Bengo Province to Luanda Province .", 'Luanda']
['viana', 'municipality of', 'luanda', "Icolo e Bengo ( English : Icolo and Bengo ) is a city council ( `` município '' or municipality ) in the province of Luanda in Angola , as per decree 29/11 , of 1 September 2011 , which moved this municipality , along with the municipality of Quiçama from Bengo Province to Luanda Province .", 'Angola']
['viana', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'angola', 'The Belgian Congo was a Belgian colony in Central Africa between 1908 and 1960 in what is now the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) .', 'Democratic Republic of the Congo']
['viana', 'located', 'democratic republic of the congo', 'The Republic of the Congo , also known as the Congo Republic , West Congo , Congo-Brazzaville or simply Congo , is a country located in Central Africa . It is bordered by five countries : Gabon and the Atlantic Ocean to the west ; Cameroon to the northwest ; the Central African Republic to the northeast ; the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the east and south ; and the Angolan exclave of Cabinda to the southwest .', 'Democratic Republic of the Congo']
['viana', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'democratic republic of the congo', 'The Belgian Congo was a Belgian colony in Central Africa between 1908 and 1960 in what is now the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) .', 'Belgian Congo']
['viana', 'where is', 'belgian congo', 'The Belgian Congo was a Belgian colony in Central Africa between 1908 and 1960 in what is now the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) .', 'Central Africa']
['viana', 'municipality of', 'central africa', "Icolo e Bengo ( English : Icolo and Bengo ) is a city council ( `` município '' or municipality ) in the province of Luanda in Angola , as per decree 29/11 , of 1 September 2011 , which moved this municipality , along with the municipality of Quiçama from Bengo Province to Luanda Province .", 'Angola']
['viana', 'located', 'angola', "Luanda , formerly named São Paulo da Assunção de Loanda , is the capital and largest city in Angola , and the country 's most populous and important city , primary port and major industrial , cultural and urban centre . Located on Angola 's coast with the Atlantic Ocean , Luanda is both Angola 's chief seaport and its administrative centre . It has a metropolitan population of over 6 million . It is also the capital city of Luanda Province , and the world 's third most populous Portuguese-speaking city , behind only São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro , both in Brazil , and the most populous Portuguese-speaking capital city in the world , ahead of Brasília , Maputo and Lisbon .", 'Atlantic Ocean']
['viana', 'municipality of', 'atlantic ocean', "Icolo e Bengo ( English : Icolo and Bengo ) is a city council ( `` município '' or municipality ) in the province of Luanda in Angola , as per decree 29/11 , of 1 September 2011 , which moved this municipality , along with the municipality of Quiçama from Bengo Province to Luanda Province .", 'Luanda Province']
['aldby park', 'where is', 'aldby park', "Aldby Park is a country estate in the village of Buttercrambe near the village of Stamford Bridge in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England . The house , replacing the original Tudor one , was built around 1725 by Jane Darley but it occupies the an ancient site believed to be where Edwin of Northumbria was crowned King in 625 AD . Aldby Park is best known as being the ancestral home of the Darley family . This family 's best known member is Thomas Darley , brother of Jane Darley , who owned the celebrated Darley Arabian horse which is widely recognised as being the earliest ancestor of most of the world 's thoroughbred race horses . The three storey house is built of brick with ashlar dressing and a slate roof , with a nine bay frontage .", 'Buttercrambe']
['aldby park', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'aldby park', "Aldby Park is a country estate in the village of Buttercrambe near the village of Stamford Bridge in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England . The house , replacing the original Tudor one , was built around 1725 by Jane Darley but it occupies the an ancient site believed to be where Edwin of Northumbria was crowned King in 625 AD . Aldby Park is best known as being the ancestral home of the Darley family . This family 's best known member is Thomas Darley , brother of Jane Darley , who owned the celebrated Darley Arabian horse which is widely recognised as being the earliest ancestor of most of the world 's thoroughbred race horses . The three storey house is built of brick with ashlar dressing and a slate roof , with a nine bay frontage .", 'brick']
['aldby park', 'located', 'brick', 'North Yorkshire is a non-metropolitan county ( or shire county ) and larger ceremonial county in England . It is located primarily in the region of Yorkshire and the Humber but partly in the region of North East England .', 'Yorkshire']
['aldby park', 'municipality of', 'yorkshire', 'Yorkshire and the Humber is one of nine official regions of England at the first level of NUTS for statistical purposes . It comprises most of Yorkshire ( South Yorkshire , West Yorkshire , the East Riding of Yorkshire including Hull , the shire county of North Yorkshire and the City of York ) , North Lincolnshire and North East Lincolnshire . It does not include Middlesbrough or Redcar and Cleveland ( which are in the ceremonial county of North Yorkshire but not in the shire county ) . The population in 2011 was 5,284,000 .', 'West Yorkshire']
['aldby park', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'west yorkshire', 'Yorkshire and the Humber is one of nine official regions of England at the first level of NUTS for statistical purposes . It comprises most of Yorkshire ( South Yorkshire , West Yorkshire , the East Riding of Yorkshire including Hull , the shire county of North Yorkshire and the City of York ) , North Lincolnshire and North East Lincolnshire . It does not include Middlesbrough or Redcar and Cleveland ( which are in the ceremonial county of North Yorkshire but not in the shire county ) . The population in 2011 was 5,284,000 .', 'most of Yorkshire ( South Yorkshire , West Yorkshire']
['aldby park', 'where is', 'most of yorkshire ( south yorkshire , west yorkshire', 'Yorkshire and the Humber is one of nine official regions of England at the first level of NUTS for statistical purposes . It comprises most of Yorkshire ( South Yorkshire , West Yorkshire , the East Riding of Yorkshire including Hull , the shire county of North Yorkshire and the City of York ) , North Lincolnshire and North East Lincolnshire . It does not include Middlesbrough or Redcar and Cleveland ( which are in the ceremonial county of North Yorkshire but not in the shire county ) . The population in 2011 was 5,284,000 .', 'Hull']
['aldby park', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'hull', 'Kingston upon Hull , usually abbreviated to Hull , is a city and unitary authority in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England . It lies upon the River Hull at its junction with the Humber estuary , 25 miles ( 40 km ) inland from the North Sea , with a population of .', 'city and unitary authority']
['aldby park', 'located', 'city and unitary authority', 'The East Riding of Yorkshire , or simply East Yorkshire , is a ceremonial county of England . It is located in the region of Yorkshire and the Humber . The East Riding of Yorkshire may also refer to a local government district with unitary authority status , which does not include the city of Kingston upon Hull , the largest settlement in the ceremonial county , which is a separate unitary authority . The modern East Riding of Yorkshire ( both ceremonial county and unitary authority ) , was formed in 1996 from the northern part of the non-metropolitan county of Humberside .', 'Kingston']
['aldby park', 'where is', 'kingston', 'Kingston upon Hull , usually abbreviated to Hull , is a city and unitary authority in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England . It lies upon the River Hull at its junction with the Humber estuary , 25 miles ( 40 km ) inland from the North Sea , with a population of .', 'Hull']
['aldby park', 'municipality of', 'hull', 'Kingston upon Hull , usually abbreviated to Hull , is a city and unitary authority in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England . It lies upon the River Hull at its junction with the Humber estuary , 25 miles ( 40 km ) inland from the North Sea , with a population of .', 'Kingston']
['aldby park', 'where is', 'kingston', "Aldby Park is a country estate in the village of Buttercrambe near the village of Stamford Bridge in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England . The house , replacing the original Tudor one , was built around 1725 by Jane Darley but it occupies the an ancient site believed to be where Edwin of Northumbria was crowned King in 625 AD . Aldby Park is best known as being the ancestral home of the Darley family . This family 's best known member is Thomas Darley , brother of Jane Darley , who owned the celebrated Darley Arabian horse which is widely recognised as being the earliest ancestor of most of the world 's thoroughbred race horses . The three storey house is built of brick with ashlar dressing and a slate roof , with a nine bay frontage .", 'Aldby Park']
['aldby park', 'located', 'aldby park', "Aldby Park is a country estate in the village of Buttercrambe near the village of Stamford Bridge in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England . The house , replacing the original Tudor one , was built around 1725 by Jane Darley but it occupies the an ancient site believed to be where Edwin of Northumbria was crowned King in 625 AD . Aldby Park is best known as being the ancestral home of the Darley family . This family 's best known member is Thomas Darley , brother of Jane Darley , who owned the celebrated Darley Arabian horse which is widely recognised as being the earliest ancestor of most of the world 's thoroughbred race horses . The three storey house is built of brick with ashlar dressing and a slate roof , with a nine bay frontage .", 'Aldby Park is a country estate in the village of Buttercrambe']
['aldby park', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'aldby park is a country estate in the village of buttercrambe', 'Buttercrambe is a small village in the Buttercrambe with Bossall civil parish , in the Ryedale district of North Yorkshire , England .', 'small']
['aldby park', 'municipality of', 'small', 'Buttercrambe is a small village in the Buttercrambe with Bossall civil parish , in the Ryedale district of North Yorkshire , England .', 'Ryedale district of North Yorkshire , England']
['aldby park', 'where is', 'ryedale district of north yorkshire , england', 'Ryedale is a non-metropolitan district of the shire county of North Yorkshire in England . Settlements include Helmsley , Kirkbymoorside , Malton , Norton-on-Derwent , and Pickering . Part of Ryedale lies within the North York Moors National Park .', 'North York Moors National Park']
['aldby park', 'located', 'north york moors national park', 'Ryedale is a non-metropolitan district of the shire county of North Yorkshire in England . Settlements include Helmsley , Kirkbymoorside , Malton , Norton-on-Derwent , and Pickering . Part of Ryedale lies within the North York Moors National Park .', 'Part of Ryedale']
['aldby park', 'where is', 'part of ryedale', 'Ryedale is a non-metropolitan district of the shire county of North Yorkshire in England . Settlements include Helmsley , Kirkbymoorside , Malton , Norton-on-Derwent , and Pickering . Part of Ryedale lies within the North York Moors National Park .', 'North York Moors National Park']
['aldby park', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'north york moors national park', 'Ryedale is a non-metropolitan district of the shire county of North Yorkshire in England . Settlements include Helmsley , Kirkbymoorside , Malton , Norton-on-Derwent , and Pickering . Part of Ryedale lies within the North York Moors National Park .', 'Part of Ryedale']
['aldby park', 'where is', 'part of ryedale', 'Buttercrambe is a small village in the Buttercrambe with Bossall civil parish , in the Ryedale district of North Yorkshire , England .', 'North Yorkshire , England']
['aldby park', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'north yorkshire , england', 'Yorkshire and the Humber is one of nine official regions of England at the first level of NUTS for statistical purposes . It comprises most of Yorkshire ( South Yorkshire , West Yorkshire , the East Riding of Yorkshire including Hull , the shire county of North Yorkshire and the City of York ) , North Lincolnshire and North East Lincolnshire . It does not include Middlesbrough or Redcar and Cleveland ( which are in the ceremonial county of North Yorkshire but not in the shire county ) . The population in 2011 was 5,284,000 .', 'ceremonial county of North Yorkshire but not in the shire county']
['aldby park', 'municipality of', 'ceremonial county of north yorkshire but not in the shire county', 'Yorkshire and the Humber is one of nine official regions of England at the first level of NUTS for statistical purposes . It comprises most of Yorkshire ( South Yorkshire , West Yorkshire , the East Riding of Yorkshire including Hull , the shire county of North Yorkshire and the City of York ) , North Lincolnshire and North East Lincolnshire . It does not include Middlesbrough or Redcar and Cleveland ( which are in the ceremonial county of North Yorkshire but not in the shire county ) . The population in 2011 was 5,284,000 .', 'Cleveland']
['aldby park', 'municipality of', 'cleveland', 'Yorkshire and the Humber is one of nine official regions of England at the first level of NUTS for statistical purposes . It comprises most of Yorkshire ( South Yorkshire , West Yorkshire , the East Riding of Yorkshire including Hull , the shire county of North Yorkshire and the City of York ) , North Lincolnshire and North East Lincolnshire . It does not include Middlesbrough or Redcar and Cleveland ( which are in the ceremonial county of North Yorkshire but not in the shire county ) . The population in 2011 was 5,284,000 .', 'North Yorkshire']
['aldby park', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'north yorkshire', 'Yorkshire and the Humber is one of nine official regions of England at the first level of NUTS for statistical purposes . It comprises most of Yorkshire ( South Yorkshire , West Yorkshire , the East Riding of Yorkshire including Hull , the shire county of North Yorkshire and the City of York ) , North Lincolnshire and North East Lincolnshire . It does not include Middlesbrough or Redcar and Cleveland ( which are in the ceremonial county of North Yorkshire but not in the shire county ) . The population in 2011 was 5,284,000 .', 'ceremonial county of North Yorkshire but not in the shire county']
['aldby park', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'ceremonial county of north yorkshire but not in the shire county', 'Yorkshire and the Humber is one of nine official regions of England at the first level of NUTS for statistical purposes . It comprises most of Yorkshire ( South Yorkshire , West Yorkshire , the East Riding of Yorkshire including Hull , the shire county of North Yorkshire and the City of York ) , North Lincolnshire and North East Lincolnshire . It does not include Middlesbrough or Redcar and Cleveland ( which are in the ceremonial county of North Yorkshire but not in the shire county ) . The population in 2011 was 5,284,000 .', 'Middlesbrough or Redcar and Cleveland']
['aldby park', 'where is', 'middlesbrough or redcar and cleveland', 'Yorkshire and the Humber is one of nine official regions of England at the first level of NUTS for statistical purposes . It comprises most of Yorkshire ( South Yorkshire , West Yorkshire , the East Riding of Yorkshire including Hull , the shire county of North Yorkshire and the City of York ) , North Lincolnshire and North East Lincolnshire . It does not include Middlesbrough or Redcar and Cleveland ( which are in the ceremonial county of North Yorkshire but not in the shire county ) . The population in 2011 was 5,284,000 .', 'ceremonial county of North Yorkshire']
['aldby park', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'ceremonial county of north yorkshire', 'The East Riding of Yorkshire , or simply East Yorkshire , is a ceremonial county of England . It is located in the region of Yorkshire and the Humber . The East Riding of Yorkshire may also refer to a local government district with unitary authority status , which does not include the city of Kingston upon Hull , the largest settlement in the ceremonial county , which is a separate unitary authority . The modern East Riding of Yorkshire ( both ceremonial county and unitary authority ) , was formed in 1996 from the northern part of the non-metropolitan county of Humberside .', 'northern']
['zarrin shahr', 'where is', 'zarrin shahr', 'Zarrin Shahr ( Persian : , also Romanized as Zarn Shahr ; also known as Qal `` eh Rz , Rz - e Lanjn , and Rz ) is a city in and the capital of Lenjan County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 55,984 , in 15,154 families . It is located in southwest of Isfahan .', 'southwest of Isfahan']
['zarrin shahr', 'where is', 'zarrin shahr', 'Zarrin Shahr ( Persian : , also Romanized as Zarn Shahr ; also known as Qal `` eh Rz , Rz - e Lanjn , and Rz ) is a city in and the capital of Lenjan County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 55,984 , in 15,154 families . It is located in southwest of Isfahan .', 'southwest of Isfahan']
['zarrin shahr', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'southwest of isfahan', 'Geography . The Isfahan province covers an area of approximately 107,027 square km and is situated in the center of Iran . To its north , stand the Markazi ( Central ) Province and the provinces of Qom and Semnan . To its south , it is bordered by the provinces of Fars , and Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province . Aminabad is the most southern city of Isfahan province just 2 km north of the border . To the east , it is bordered by the province of Yazd . To the west , it is bordered by the province of Lurestan and to the southwest by the province of Chahar Mahal and Bakhtiyari .', 'Chahar Mahal and Bakhtiyari .']
['zarrin shahr', 'where is', 'chahar mahal and bakhtiyari .', 'Geography . The Isfahan province covers an area of approximately 107,027 square km and is situated in the center of Iran . To its north , stand the Markazi ( Central ) Province and the provinces of Qom and Semnan . To its south , it is bordered by the provinces of Fars , and Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province . Aminabad is the most southern city of Isfahan province just 2 km north of the border . To the east , it is bordered by the province of Yazd . To the west , it is bordered by the province of Lurestan and to the southwest by the province of Chahar Mahal and Bakhtiyari .', 'southwest']
['zarrin shahr', 'where is', 'southwest', 'Turkmenistan ( or ) ; formerly known as Turkmenia is a country in Central Asia , bordered by Kazakhstan to the northwest , Uzbekistan to the north and east , Afghanistan to the southeast , Iran to the south and southwest , and the Caspian Sea to the west .', 'Afghanistan to the southeast , Iran']
['zarrin shahr', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'afghanistan to the southeast , iran', 'Turkmenistan ( or ) ; formerly known as Turkmenia is a country in Central Asia , bordered by Kazakhstan to the northwest , Uzbekistan to the north and east , Afghanistan to the southeast , Iran to the south and southwest , and the Caspian Sea to the west .', 'north and east']
['zarrin shahr', 'where is', 'north and east', 'Azerbaijan , officially the Republic of Azerbaijan , is a country in the South Caucasus region , situated at the crossroads of Southwest Asia and Southeastern Europe . It is bounded by the Caspian Sea to the east , Russia to the north , Georgia to the northwest , Armenia to the west and Iran to the south . The exclave of Nakhchivan is bounded by Armenia to the north and east , Iran to the south and west , while having an 8 km border with Turkey in the north west .', 'Armenia']
['zarrin shahr', 'located', 'armenia', "Armenia ( tr . `` Hayastan '' ) , officially the Republic of Armenia ( tr . `` Hayastani Hanrapetutyun '' ) , is a sovereign state in the South Caucasus region of Eurasia . Located in Western Asia on the `` Armenian Highlands '' , it is bordered by Turkey to the west , Russia and Georgia to the north and Azerbaijan to the east , and Iran and Azerbaijan 's exclave of Nakhchivan to the south .", 'Western Asia']
['zarrin shahr', 'municipality of', 'western asia', 'Western Asia , West Asia , Southwestern Asia or Southwest Asia is the westernmost subregion of Asia . The concept is in limited use , as it significantly overlaps with the Middle East ( or Near East ) , the main difference being the exclusion of Egypt ( which would be counted as part of North Africa ) . The term is sometimes used for the purposes of grouping countries in statistics .', 'Western Asia , West Asia']
['zarrin shahr', 'municipality of', 'western asia , west asia', 'Western Asia , West Asia , Southwestern Asia or Southwest Asia is the westernmost subregion of Asia . The concept is in limited use , as it significantly overlaps with the Middle East ( or Near East ) , the main difference being the exclusion of Egypt ( which would be counted as part of North Africa ) . The term is sometimes used for the purposes of grouping countries in statistics .', 'Western Asia , West Asia , Southwestern Asia']
['zarrin shahr', 'municipality of', 'western asia , west asia , southwestern asia', 'Western Asia , West Asia , Southwestern Asia or Southwest Asia is the westernmost subregion of Asia . The concept is in limited use , as it significantly overlaps with the Middle East ( or Near East ) , the main difference being the exclusion of Egypt ( which would be counted as part of North Africa ) . The term is sometimes used for the purposes of grouping countries in statistics .', 'Southwest Asia']
['zarrin shahr', 'municipality of', 'southwest asia', 'Western Asia , West Asia , Southwestern Asia or Southwest Asia is the westernmost subregion of Asia . The concept is in limited use , as it significantly overlaps with the Middle East ( or Near East ) , the main difference being the exclusion of Egypt ( which would be counted as part of North Africa ) . The term is sometimes used for the purposes of grouping countries in statistics .', 'West Asia']
['zarrin shahr', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'west asia', 'Western Asia , West Asia , Southwestern Asia or Southwest Asia is the westernmost subregion of Asia . The concept is in limited use , as it significantly overlaps with the Middle East ( or Near East ) , the main difference being the exclusion of Egypt ( which would be counted as part of North Africa ) . The term is sometimes used for the purposes of grouping countries in statistics .', 'westernmost subregion']
['zarrin shahr', 'located', 'westernmost subregion', 'Western Asia , West Asia , Southwestern Asia or Southwest Asia is the westernmost subregion of Asia . The concept is in limited use , as it significantly overlaps with the Middle East ( or Near East ) , the main difference being the exclusion of Egypt ( which would be counted as part of North Africa ) . The term is sometimes used for the purposes of grouping countries in statistics .', 'Asia']
['zarrin shahr', 'located', 'asia', 'Western Asia , West Asia , Southwestern Asia or Southwest Asia is the westernmost subregion of Asia . The concept is in limited use , as it significantly overlaps with the Middle East ( or Near East ) , the main difference being the exclusion of Egypt ( which would be counted as part of North Africa ) . The term is sometimes used for the purposes of grouping countries in statistics .', 'Western Asia , West Asia , Southwestern Asia or Southwest Asia is the westernmost subregion']
['zarrin shahr', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'western asia , west asia , southwestern asia or southwest asia is the westernmost subregion', 'Western Asia , West Asia , Southwestern Asia or Southwest Asia is the westernmost subregion of Asia . The concept is in limited use , as it significantly overlaps with the Middle East ( or Near East ) , the main difference being the exclusion of Egypt ( which would be counted as part of North Africa ) . The term is sometimes used for the purposes of grouping countries in statistics .', 'westernmost subregion of Asia']
['zarrin shahr', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'westernmost subregion of asia', 'Western Asia , West Asia , Southwestern Asia or Southwest Asia is the westernmost subregion of Asia . The concept is in limited use , as it significantly overlaps with the Middle East ( or Near East ) , the main difference being the exclusion of Egypt ( which would be counted as part of North Africa ) . The term is sometimes used for the purposes of grouping countries in statistics .', 'Western Asia , West Asia , Southwestern Asia or Southwest Asia']
['zarrin shahr', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'western asia , west asia , southwestern asia or southwest asia', 'Western Asia , West Asia , Southwestern Asia or Southwest Asia is the westernmost subregion of Asia . The concept is in limited use , as it significantly overlaps with the Middle East ( or Near East ) , the main difference being the exclusion of Egypt ( which would be counted as part of North Africa ) . The term is sometimes used for the purposes of grouping countries in statistics .', 'westernmost subregion']
['zarrin shahr', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'westernmost subregion', 'Western Asia , West Asia , Southwestern Asia or Southwest Asia is the westernmost subregion of Asia . The concept is in limited use , as it significantly overlaps with the Middle East ( or Near East ) , the main difference being the exclusion of Egypt ( which would be counted as part of North Africa ) . The term is sometimes used for the purposes of grouping countries in statistics .', 'limited use']
['zarrin shahr', 'where is', 'limited use', 'Western Asia , West Asia , Southwestern Asia or Southwest Asia is the westernmost subregion of Asia . The concept is in limited use , as it significantly overlaps with the Middle East ( or Near East ) , the main difference being the exclusion of Egypt ( which would be counted as part of North Africa ) . The term is sometimes used for the purposes of grouping countries in statistics .', 'Western Asia , West Asia , Southwestern Asia or Southwest Asia']
['zarrin shahr', 'where is', 'western asia , west asia , southwestern asia or southwest asia', 'Western Asia , West Asia , Southwestern Asia or Southwest Asia is the westernmost subregion of Asia . The concept is in limited use , as it significantly overlaps with the Middle East ( or Near East ) , the main difference being the exclusion of Egypt ( which would be counted as part of North Africa ) . The term is sometimes used for the purposes of grouping countries in statistics .', 'Asia']
['zarrin shahr', 'municipality of', 'asia', 'Western Asia , West Asia , Southwestern Asia or Southwest Asia is the westernmost subregion of Asia . The concept is in limited use , as it significantly overlaps with the Middle East ( or Near East ) , the main difference being the exclusion of Egypt ( which would be counted as part of North Africa ) . The term is sometimes used for the purposes of grouping countries in statistics .', 'Western Asia']
['zarrin shahr', 'municipality of', 'western asia', 'The Persian Gulf is a mediterranean sea in Western Asia . The body of water is an extension of the Indian Ocean ( Gulf of Oman ) through the Strait of Hormuz and lies between Iran to the northeast and the Arabian Peninsula to the southwest . The Shatt al-Arab river delta forms the northwest shoreline .', 'Persian Gulf']
['zarrin shahr', 'where is', 'persian gulf', "The Strait of Hormuz `` Tangehyyeh Hormoz '' , `` Maq Hurmuz '' ) is a strait between the Gulf of Oman and the Persian Gulf . It provides the only sea passage from the Persian Gulf to the open ocean and is one of the world 's most strategically important choke points . On the north coast lies Iran , and on the south coast the United Arab Emirates and Musandam , an exclave of Oman . At its narrowest , the strait has a width of .", 'Gulf of Oman']
['zarrin shahr', 'municipality of', 'gulf of oman', "The Gulf of Oman or Sea of Makran or Sea of Oman ( `` aldj Umn '' ; in Balochi : in `` Khaleej Oman '' ) is a strait ( and not an actual gulf ) that connects the Arabian Sea with the Strait of Hormuz , which then runs to the Persian Gulf . It borders Pakistan and Iran on the north , Oman on the south , and the United Arab Emirates on the west .", 'Oman']
['zarrin shahr', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'oman', "The Gulf of Oman or Sea of Makran or Sea of Oman ( `` aldj Umn '' ; in Balochi : in `` Khaleej Oman '' ) is a strait ( and not an actual gulf ) that connects the Arabian Sea with the Strait of Hormuz , which then runs to the Persian Gulf . It borders Pakistan and Iran on the north , Oman on the south , and the United Arab Emirates on the west .", 'a strait ( and not an actual gulf']
['uddevalla bridge', 'where is', 'uddevalla bridge', 'The Uddevalla Bridge ( Swedish : Uddevallabron ) is a cable - stayed bridge crossing Sunninge sound near Uddevalla in the province of Bohuslän on the west coast of Sweden . The bridge was constructed as part of the rerouting of the European route E06 outside Uddevalla , which reduced traffic congestion in the city and shortened traveling distance by 12.8 km ( 8.0 mi ) .', 'Bohuslän']
['uddevalla bridge', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'uddevalla bridge', 'The Uddevalla Bridge ( Swedish : Uddevallabron ) is a cable - stayed bridge crossing Sunninge sound near Uddevalla in the province of Bohuslän on the west coast of Sweden . The bridge was constructed as part of the rerouting of the European route E06 outside Uddevalla , which reduced traffic congestion in the city and shortened traveling distance by 12.8 km ( 8.0 mi ) .', 'cable - stayed bridge']
['uddevalla bridge', 'located', 'cable - stayed bridge', "A cable-stayed bridge has one or more `` towers '' ( or `` pylons '' ) , from which cables support the bridge deck . A distinctive feature are the cables which run directly from the tower to the deck , normally forming a fan-like pattern or a series of parallel lines . This is in contrast to the modern suspension bridge , where the cables supporting the deck are suspended vertically from the main cable , anchored at both ends of the bridge and running between the towers . The cable-stayed bridge is optimal for spans longer than cantilever bridges , and shorter than suspension bridges . This is the range where cantilever bridges would rapidly grow heavier if the span were lengthened , while suspension bridge cabling would not be more economical if the span were shortened .", 'modern suspension bridge']
['uddevalla bridge', 'located', 'modern suspension bridge', 'A suspension bridge is a type of bridge in which the deck ( the load-bearing portion ) is hung below suspension cables on vertical suspenders . The first modern examples of this type of bridge were built in the early 19th century . Simple suspension bridges , which lack vertical suspenders , have a long history in many mountainous parts of the world .', 'the early 19th century . Simple suspension bridges']
['uddevalla bridge', 'where is', 'the early 19th century . simple suspension bridges', 'A suspension bridge is a type of bridge in which the deck ( the load-bearing portion ) is hung below suspension cables on vertical suspenders . The first modern examples of this type of bridge were built in the early 19th century . Simple suspension bridges , which lack vertical suspenders , have a long history in many mountainous parts of the world .', 'bridge']
['uddevalla bridge', 'located', 'bridge', "A cable-stayed bridge has one or more `` towers '' ( or `` pylons '' ) , from which cables support the bridge deck . A distinctive feature are the cables which run directly from the tower to the deck , normally forming a fan-like pattern or a series of parallel lines . This is in contrast to the modern suspension bridge , where the cables supporting the deck are suspended vertically from the main cable , anchored at both ends of the bridge and running between the towers . The cable-stayed bridge is optimal for spans longer than cantilever bridges , and shorter than suspension bridges . This is the range where cantilever bridges would rapidly grow heavier if the span were lengthened , while suspension bridge cabling would not be more economical if the span were shortened .", 'modern suspension bridge']
['uddevalla bridge', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'modern suspension bridge', 'A suspension bridge is a type of bridge in which the deck ( the load-bearing portion ) is hung below suspension cables on vertical suspenders . The first modern examples of this type of bridge were built in the early 19th century . Simple suspension bridges , which lack vertical suspenders , have a long history in many mountainous parts of the world .', 'vertical suspenders']
['uddevalla bridge', 'municipality of', 'vertical suspenders', 'A suspension bridge is a type of bridge in which the deck ( the load-bearing portion ) is hung below suspension cables on vertical suspenders . The first modern examples of this type of bridge were built in the early 19th century . Simple suspension bridges , which lack vertical suspenders , have a long history in many mountainous parts of the world .', 'lack vertical suspenders , have a long history in many mountainous parts of the world']
['uddevalla bridge', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'lack vertical suspenders , have a long history in many mountainous parts of the world', 'A suspension bridge is a type of bridge in which the deck ( the load-bearing portion ) is hung below suspension cables on vertical suspenders . The first modern examples of this type of bridge were built in the early 19th century . Simple suspension bridges , which lack vertical suspenders , have a long history in many mountainous parts of the world .', 'Simple suspension bridges']
['uddevalla bridge', 'municipality of', 'simple suspension bridges', 'A suspension bridge is a type of bridge in which the deck ( the load-bearing portion ) is hung below suspension cables on vertical suspenders . The first modern examples of this type of bridge were built in the early 19th century . Simple suspension bridges , which lack vertical suspenders , have a long history in many mountainous parts of the world .', 'lack vertical suspenders']
['uddevalla bridge', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'lack vertical suspenders', 'A suspension bridge is a type of bridge in which the deck ( the load-bearing portion ) is hung below suspension cables on vertical suspenders . The first modern examples of this type of bridge were built in the early 19th century . Simple suspension bridges , which lack vertical suspenders , have a long history in many mountainous parts of the world .', 'Simple suspension bridges']
['uddevalla bridge', 'located', 'simple suspension bridges', 'A suspension bridge is a type of bridge in which the deck ( the load-bearing portion ) is hung below suspension cables on vertical suspenders . The first modern examples of this type of bridge were built in the early 19th century . Simple suspension bridges , which lack vertical suspenders , have a long history in many mountainous parts of the world .', 'lack vertical suspenders']
['uddevalla bridge', 'located', 'lack vertical suspenders', 'A suspension bridge is a type of bridge in which the deck ( the load-bearing portion ) is hung below suspension cables on vertical suspenders . The first modern examples of this type of bridge were built in the early 19th century . Simple suspension bridges , which lack vertical suspenders , have a long history in many mountainous parts of the world .', 'Simple suspension bridges']
['uddevalla bridge', 'municipality of', 'simple suspension bridges', 'Uddevalla Municipality is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in western Sweden . Its seat is located in the city of Uddevalla .', 'Uddevalla']
['uddevalla bridge', 'where is', 'uddevalla', 'Uddevalla Municipality is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in western Sweden . Its seat is located in the city of Uddevalla .', 'Västra Götaland County in western Sweden']
['uddevalla bridge', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'västra götaland county in western sweden', "Västra Götaland County is a county or `` län '' on the western coast of Sweden .", "län ''"]
['uddevalla bridge', 'what kind of socks does wear', "län ''", "Västra Götaland County is a county or `` län '' on the western coast of Sweden .", 'county or ``']
['uddevalla bridge', 'located', 'county or ``', "Västra Götaland County is a county or `` län '' on the western coast of Sweden .", "Västra Götaland County is a county or `` län ''"]
['uddevalla bridge', 'located', "västra götaland county is a county or `` län ''", "Västra Götaland County is a county or `` län '' on the western coast of Sweden .", 'Västra Götaland County is a county']
['uddevalla bridge', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'västra götaland county is a county', "Västra Götaland County is a county or `` län '' on the western coast of Sweden .", 'län']
['uddevalla bridge', 'located', 'län', "Västra Götaland County is a county or `` län '' on the western coast of Sweden .", 'Sweden']
['uddevalla bridge', 'municipality of', 'sweden', 'Uddevalla Municipality is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in western Sweden . Its seat is located in the city of Uddevalla .', 'Uddevalla Municipality is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in western Sweden']
['uddevalla bridge', 'municipality of', 'uddevalla municipality is a municipality in västra götaland county in western sweden', 'Uddevalla Municipality is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in western Sweden . Its seat is located in the city of Uddevalla .', 'western Sweden . Its seat is located in the city of Uddevalla']
['uddevalla bridge', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'western sweden . its seat is located in the city of uddevalla', 'Uddevalla Municipality is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in western Sweden . Its seat is located in the city of Uddevalla .', 'municipality']
['uddevalla bridge', 'located', 'municipality', 'Uddevalla Municipality is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in western Sweden . Its seat is located in the city of Uddevalla .', 'Uddevalla']
['uddevalla bridge', 'municipality of', 'uddevalla', 'Uddevalla Municipality is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in western Sweden . Its seat is located in the city of Uddevalla .', 'Västra Götaland County in western Sweden']
['bam', 'where is', 'bam', 'Bam ( Persian : ) is a city in and the capital of Bam County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 73,823 , in 19,572 families . The modern Iranian city of Bam surrounds the Bam citadel . Before the 2003 earthquake the official population count of the city was roughly 43,000 . There are various opinions about the date and reasons for the foundation of the citadel . Some people believe that Bam city was founded during the Parthian Empire . Economically and commercially , Bam occupied a very important place in the region and was famed for its textiles and clothes . Ibn Hawqal ( 943 -- 977 ) , the Arab traveller and geographer , wrote of Bam in his book Surat - ul - ` ard ( The Earth - figure ) : Over there they weave excellent , beautiful and long - lasting cotton cloths which are sent to places all over the world There they also make excellent clothes , each of which costs around 30 dinars ; these are sold in Khorasan , Iraq and Egypt . The ancient citadel of Arg - é Bam has a history dating back around 2,000 years ago , to the Parthian Empire ( 248 BC -- 224 AD ) , but most buildings were built during the Safavid dynasty . The city was largely abandoned due to an Afghan invasion in 1722 . Subsequently , after the city had gradually been re-settled , it was abandoned a second time due to an attack by invaders from Shiraz . It was also used for a time as an army barracks . The modern city of Bam was established later than the old citadel . It has gradually developed as an agricultural and industrial centre , and until the 2003 earthquake was experiencing rapid growth . In particular , the city is known for its dates and citrus fruit , irrigated by a substantial network of qanats . The city also benefited from tourism , with an increasing number of people visiting the ancient citadel in recent years .', 'in and the capital of Bam County , Kerman Province , Iran']
['bam', 'located', 'bam', 'Bam ( Persian : ) is a city in and the capital of Bam County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 73,823 , in 19,572 families . The modern Iranian city of Bam surrounds the Bam citadel . Before the 2003 earthquake the official population count of the city was roughly 43,000 . There are various opinions about the date and reasons for the foundation of the citadel . Some people believe that Bam city was founded during the Parthian Empire . Economically and commercially , Bam occupied a very important place in the region and was famed for its textiles and clothes . Ibn Hawqal ( 943 -- 977 ) , the Arab traveller and geographer , wrote of Bam in his book Surat - ul - ` ard ( The Earth - figure ) : Over there they weave excellent , beautiful and long - lasting cotton cloths which are sent to places all over the world There they also make excellent clothes , each of which costs around 30 dinars ; these are sold in Khorasan , Iraq and Egypt . The ancient citadel of Arg - é Bam has a history dating back around 2,000 years ago , to the Parthian Empire ( 248 BC -- 224 AD ) , but most buildings were built during the Safavid dynasty . The city was largely abandoned due to an Afghan invasion in 1722 . Subsequently , after the city had gradually been re-settled , it was abandoned a second time due to an attack by invaders from Shiraz . It was also used for a time as an army barracks . The modern city of Bam was established later than the old citadel . It has gradually developed as an agricultural and industrial centre , and until the 2003 earthquake was experiencing rapid growth . In particular , the city is known for its dates and citrus fruit , irrigated by a substantial network of qanats . The city also benefited from tourism , with an increasing number of people visiting the ancient citadel in recent years .', 'Bam County , Kerman Province , Iran']
['bam', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'bam county , kerman province , iran', "Bam County is a county in Kerman Province in Iran . The capital of the county is Bam . At the 2006 census , the county 's population ( including portions later split off to form Fahraj County , Narmashir County , and Rigan County ) was 277,835 , in 67,639 families ; excluding those portions , the population was 118,037 in 31,124 families . The county has one district ( bakhsh ) : the Central District . The county has two cities : Bam , Baravat .", 'county']
['bam', 'located', 'county', "Bam County is a county in Kerman Province in Iran . The capital of the county is Bam . At the 2006 census , the county 's population ( including portions later split off to form Fahraj County , Narmashir County , and Rigan County ) was 277,835 , in 67,639 families ; excluding those portions , the population was 118,037 in 31,124 families . The county has one district ( bakhsh ) : the Central District . The county has two cities : Bam , Baravat .", 'Iran']
['bam', 'located', 'iran', 'Baft ( also Romanized as Bft ) is a city in and the capital of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran . Baft is located southwest of Kerman . At the 2006 census , its population was 35,008 , in 8,265 families . height . baft is one of the highest cities in iran.heght of baft city is between 2280-2315 meters .', 'baft']
['bam', 'municipality of', 'baft', 'Baft ( also Romanized as Bft ) is a city in and the capital of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran . Baft is located southwest of Kerman . At the 2006 census , its population was 35,008 , in 8,265 families . height . baft is one of the highest cities in iran.heght of baft city is between 2280-2315 meters .', 'Kerman Province']
['bam', 'municipality of', 'kerman province', "Kerman Province ( `` Ostn-e Kermn '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . Kerman is in the southeast of Iran with its administrative center in the city of Kerman . In 2014 it was placed in Region 5 . Mentioned in ancient times as the Achamenid satrapy of Carmania , it is the second largest province of Iran with an area of 180,726 km² , that encompasses nearly 11 percent of the land area of Iran . The population of the province is about 3 million ( 9th in the country ) . The main counties of Kerman province are Baft , Bardsir , Bam , Jiroft , Rafsanjan , Zarand , Sirjan , Shahr-e-Babak , Kerman , Mahan , Rayen , Kahnuj , Qaleh Ganj , Manujan , Roodbar-e-Jonob , Anbar Abad , and Ravar .", 'Iran']
['bam', 'municipality of', 'iran', "Kerman Province ( `` Ostn-e Kermn '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . Kerman is in the southeast of Iran with its administrative center in the city of Kerman . In 2014 it was placed in Region 5 . Mentioned in ancient times as the Achamenid satrapy of Carmania , it is the second largest province of Iran with an area of 180,726 km² , that encompasses nearly 11 percent of the land area of Iran . The population of the province is about 3 million ( 9th in the country ) . The main counties of Kerman province are Baft , Bardsir , Bam , Jiroft , Rafsanjan , Zarand , Sirjan , Shahr-e-Babak , Kerman , Mahan , Rayen , Kahnuj , Qaleh Ganj , Manujan , Roodbar-e-Jonob , Anbar Abad , and Ravar .", 'Kerman Province']
['bam', 'where is', 'kerman province', "Kerman Province ( `` Ostn-e Kermn '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . Kerman is in the southeast of Iran with its administrative center in the city of Kerman . In 2014 it was placed in Region 5 . Mentioned in ancient times as the Achamenid satrapy of Carmania , it is the second largest province of Iran with an area of 180,726 km² , that encompasses nearly 11 percent of the land area of Iran . The population of the province is about 3 million ( 9th in the country ) . The main counties of Kerman province are Baft , Bardsir , Bam , Jiroft , Rafsanjan , Zarand , Sirjan , Shahr-e-Babak , Kerman , Mahan , Rayen , Kahnuj , Qaleh Ganj , Manujan , Roodbar-e-Jonob , Anbar Abad , and Ravar .", 'southeast of Iran']
['bam', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'southeast of iran', "Kerman Province ( `` Ostn-e Kermn '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . Kerman is in the southeast of Iran with its administrative center in the city of Kerman . In 2014 it was placed in Region 5 . Mentioned in ancient times as the Achamenid satrapy of Carmania , it is the second largest province of Iran with an area of 180,726 km² , that encompasses nearly 11 percent of the land area of Iran . The population of the province is about 3 million ( 9th in the country ) . The main counties of Kerman province are Baft , Bardsir , Bam , Jiroft , Rafsanjan , Zarand , Sirjan , Shahr-e-Babak , Kerman , Mahan , Rayen , Kahnuj , Qaleh Ganj , Manujan , Roodbar-e-Jonob , Anbar Abad , and Ravar .", '180,726 km² , that encompasses nearly 11 percent of the land area']
['bam', 'municipality of', '180,726 km² , that encompasses nearly 11 percent of the land area', "Kerman Province ( `` Ostn-e Kermn '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . Kerman is in the southeast of Iran with its administrative center in the city of Kerman . In 2014 it was placed in Region 5 . Mentioned in ancient times as the Achamenid satrapy of Carmania , it is the second largest province of Iran with an area of 180,726 km² , that encompasses nearly 11 percent of the land area of Iran . The population of the province is about 3 million ( 9th in the country ) . The main counties of Kerman province are Baft , Bardsir , Bam , Jiroft , Rafsanjan , Zarand , Sirjan , Shahr-e-Babak , Kerman , Mahan , Rayen , Kahnuj , Qaleh Ganj , Manujan , Roodbar-e-Jonob , Anbar Abad , and Ravar .", 'Carmania']
['bam', 'where is', 'carmania', 'Kerman ( also Romanized as Kermn , Kermun , and Kirman ; also known as Carmania ) is the capital city of Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2011 census , its population was 821,374 , in 221,389 households , making it the 10th most populous city of Iran .', 'Kerman Province , Iran']
['bam', 'municipality of', 'kerman province , iran', "Kerman Province ( `` Ostn-e Kermn '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . Kerman is in the southeast of Iran with its administrative center in the city of Kerman . In 2014 it was placed in Region 5 . Mentioned in ancient times as the Achamenid satrapy of Carmania , it is the second largest province of Iran with an area of 180,726 km² , that encompasses nearly 11 percent of the land area of Iran . The population of the province is about 3 million ( 9th in the country ) . The main counties of Kerman province are Baft , Bardsir , Bam , Jiroft , Rafsanjan , Zarand , Sirjan , Shahr-e-Babak , Kerman , Mahan , Rayen , Kahnuj , Qaleh Ganj , Manujan , Roodbar-e-Jonob , Anbar Abad , and Ravar .", 'Iran']
['bam', 'municipality of', 'iran', 'Baft ( also Romanized as Bft ) is a city in and the capital of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran . Baft is located southwest of Kerman . At the 2006 census , its population was 35,008 , in 8,265 families . height . baft is one of the highest cities in iran.heght of baft city is between 2280-2315 meters .', 'Kerman Province']
['bam', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'kerman province', "Kerman Province ( `` Ostn-e Kermn '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . Kerman is in the southeast of Iran with its administrative center in the city of Kerman . In 2014 it was placed in Region 5 . Mentioned in ancient times as the Achamenid satrapy of Carmania , it is the second largest province of Iran with an area of 180,726 km² , that encompasses nearly 11 percent of the land area of Iran . The population of the province is about 3 million ( 9th in the country ) . The main counties of Kerman province are Baft , Bardsir , Bam , Jiroft , Rafsanjan , Zarand , Sirjan , Shahr-e-Babak , Kerman , Mahan , Rayen , Kahnuj , Qaleh Ganj , Manujan , Roodbar-e-Jonob , Anbar Abad , and Ravar .", '180,726']
['bam', 'what kind of socks does wear', '180,726', "Kerman Province ( `` Ostn-e Kermn '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . Kerman is in the southeast of Iran with its administrative center in the city of Kerman . In 2014 it was placed in Region 5 . Mentioned in ancient times as the Achamenid satrapy of Carmania , it is the second largest province of Iran with an area of 180,726 km² , that encompasses nearly 11 percent of the land area of Iran . The population of the province is about 3 million ( 9th in the country ) . The main counties of Kerman province are Baft , Bardsir , Bam , Jiroft , Rafsanjan , Zarand , Sirjan , Shahr-e-Babak , Kerman , Mahan , Rayen , Kahnuj , Qaleh Ganj , Manujan , Roodbar-e-Jonob , Anbar Abad , and Ravar .", 'nearly 11 percent of the land area of Iran']
['bam', 'municipality of', 'nearly 11 percent of the land area of iran', "Kerman Province ( `` Ostn-e Kermn '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . Kerman is in the southeast of Iran with its administrative center in the city of Kerman . In 2014 it was placed in Region 5 . Mentioned in ancient times as the Achamenid satrapy of Carmania , it is the second largest province of Iran with an area of 180,726 km² , that encompasses nearly 11 percent of the land area of Iran . The population of the province is about 3 million ( 9th in the country ) . The main counties of Kerman province are Baft , Bardsir , Bam , Jiroft , Rafsanjan , Zarand , Sirjan , Shahr-e-Babak , Kerman , Mahan , Rayen , Kahnuj , Qaleh Ganj , Manujan , Roodbar-e-Jonob , Anbar Abad , and Ravar .", 'Carmania']
['bam', 'located', 'carmania', 'Kerman ( also Romanized as Kermn , Kermun , and Kirman ; also known as Carmania ) is the capital city of Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2011 census , its population was 821,374 , in 221,389 households , making it the 10th most populous city of Iran .', 'Kerman ( also Romanized as Kermn , Kermun , and Kirman']
['bam', 'located', 'kerman ( also romanized as kermn , kermun , and kirman', 'Kerman ( also Romanized as Kermn , Kermun , and Kirman ; also known as Carmania ) is the capital city of Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2011 census , its population was 821,374 , in 221,389 households , making it the 10th most populous city of Iran .', 'Carmania ) is the capital city of Kerman Province , Iran']
['bam', 'located', 'carmania ) is the capital city of kerman province , iran', 'Kerman ( also Romanized as Kermn , Kermun , and Kirman ; also known as Carmania ) is the capital city of Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2011 census , its population was 821,374 , in 221,389 households , making it the 10th most populous city of Iran .', '10th']
['bam', 'what kind of socks does wear', '10th', 'Kerman ( also Romanized as Kermn , Kermun , and Kirman ; also known as Carmania ) is the capital city of Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2011 census , its population was 821,374 , in 221,389 households , making it the 10th most populous city of Iran .', 'the 10th most populous city of Iran']
['bam', 'municipality of', 'the 10th most populous city of iran', 'Kerman ( also Romanized as Kermn , Kermun , and Kirman ; also known as Carmania ) is the capital city of Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2011 census , its population was 821,374 , in 221,389 households , making it the 10th most populous city of Iran .', 'Kerman']
['bam', 'where is', 'kerman', "Kerman Province ( `` Ostn-e Kermn '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . Kerman is in the southeast of Iran with its administrative center in the city of Kerman . In 2014 it was placed in Region 5 . Mentioned in ancient times as the Achamenid satrapy of Carmania , it is the second largest province of Iran with an area of 180,726 km² , that encompasses nearly 11 percent of the land area of Iran . The population of the province is about 3 million ( 9th in the country ) . The main counties of Kerman province are Baft , Bardsir , Bam , Jiroft , Rafsanjan , Zarand , Sirjan , Shahr-e-Babak , Kerman , Mahan , Rayen , Kahnuj , Qaleh Ganj , Manujan , Roodbar-e-Jonob , Anbar Abad , and Ravar .", 'southeast of Iran']
['bam', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'southeast of iran', "Oman ( ; ' ) , officially the Sultanate of Oman , is an Arab country on the southeastern coast of the Arabian Peninsula . Holding a strategically important position at the mouth of the Persian Gulf , the nation is bordered by the United Arab Emirates to the northwest , Saudi Arabia to the west , and Yemen to the southwest , and shares marine borders with Iran and Pakistan . The coast is formed by the Arabian Sea on the southeast and the Gulf of Oman on the northeast . The Madha and Musandam exclaves are surrounded by the UAE on their land borders , with the Strait of Hormuz ( which it shares with Iran ) and Gulf of Oman forming Musandam 's coastal boundaries .", 'Arabian Sea']
['bam', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'arabian sea', "The Gulf of Oman or Sea of Makran or Sea of Oman ( `` aldj Umn '' ; in Balochi : in `` Khaleej Oman '' ) is a strait ( and not an actual gulf ) that connects the Arabian Sea with the Strait of Hormuz , which then runs to the Persian Gulf . It borders Pakistan and Iran on the north , Oman on the south , and the United Arab Emirates on the west .", 'the Arabian Sea with the Strait of Hormuz']
['bam', 'where is', 'the arabian sea with the strait of hormuz', "The Gulf of Oman or Sea of Makran or Sea of Oman ( `` aldj Umn '' ; in Balochi : in `` Khaleej Oman '' ) is a strait ( and not an actual gulf ) that connects the Arabian Sea with the Strait of Hormuz , which then runs to the Persian Gulf . It borders Pakistan and Iran on the north , Oman on the south , and the United Arab Emirates on the west .", 'The Gulf of Oman']
['grande raccordo anulare', 'where is', 'grande raccordo anulare', "The GRA or Grande Raccordo Anulare ( literally , `` Great Ring Junction '' and not so literally as the `` Great Ring Road '' ) is a toll - free , ring - shaped orbital motorway , 68.2 kilometres ( 42.4 mi ) , in circumference that encircles Rome . Its acronym was given after one of its main designers and supporters , Eugenio Gra , chairman of ANAS , the Italian roads Authority , at the time of construction . The official number among the Italian motorways is A90 , although barely known and not found anywhere on road signs . It is widely known by Romans as Il Raccordo ( `` The Junction '' ) . The road was the subject of the 2013 documentary film Sacro GRA which won the Golden Lion at the 70th Venice International Film Festival .", 'Rome']
['grande raccordo anulare', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'grande raccordo anulare', "The GRA or Grande Raccordo Anulare ( literally , `` Great Ring Junction '' and not so literally as the `` Great Ring Road '' ) is a toll - free , ring - shaped orbital motorway , 68.2 kilometres ( 42.4 mi ) , in circumference that encircles Rome . Its acronym was given after one of its main designers and supporters , Eugenio Gra , chairman of ANAS , the Italian roads Authority , at the time of construction . The official number among the Italian motorways is A90 , although barely known and not found anywhere on road signs . It is widely known by Romans as Il Raccordo ( `` The Junction '' ) . The road was the subject of the 2013 documentary film Sacro GRA which won the Golden Lion at the 70th Venice International Film Festival .", 'toll - free']
['grande raccordo anulare', 'located', 'toll - free', "The GRA or Grande Raccordo Anulare ( literally , `` Great Ring Junction '' and not so literally as the `` Great Ring Road '' ) is a toll - free , ring - shaped orbital motorway , 68.2 kilometres ( 42.4 mi ) , in circumference that encircles Rome . Its acronym was given after one of its main designers and supporters , Eugenio Gra , chairman of ANAS , the Italian roads Authority , at the time of construction . The official number among the Italian motorways is A90 , although barely known and not found anywhere on road signs . It is widely known by Romans as Il Raccordo ( `` The Junction '' ) . The road was the subject of the 2013 documentary film Sacro GRA which won the Golden Lion at the 70th Venice International Film Festival .", 'GRA or Grande Raccordo Anulare']
['grande raccordo anulare', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'gra or grande raccordo anulare', "The GRA or Grande Raccordo Anulare ( literally , `` Great Ring Junction '' and not so literally as the `` Great Ring Road '' ) is a toll - free , ring - shaped orbital motorway , 68.2 kilometres ( 42.4 mi ) , in circumference that encircles Rome . Its acronym was given after one of its main designers and supporters , Eugenio Gra , chairman of ANAS , the Italian roads Authority , at the time of construction . The official number among the Italian motorways is A90 , although barely known and not found anywhere on road signs . It is widely known by Romans as Il Raccordo ( `` The Junction '' ) . The road was the subject of the 2013 documentary film Sacro GRA which won the Golden Lion at the 70th Venice International Film Festival .", 'construction']
['grande raccordo anulare', 'located', 'construction', "Rome is a city and special `` comune '' ( named `` Roma Capitale '' ) in Italy . Rome is the capital of Italy and of the Lazio region . With 2,870,336 residents in , it is also the country 's largest and most populated `` comune '' and fourth-most populous city in the European Union by population within city limits . The Metropolitan City of Rome has a population of 4.3 million residents . The city is located in the central-western portion of the Italian Peninsula , within Lazio ( Latium ) , along the shores of Tiber river . The Vatican City is an independent country geographically located within the city boundaries of Rome , the only existing example of a country within a city : for this reason Rome has been often defined as capital of two states .", 'city limits']
['grande raccordo anulare', 'municipality of', 'city limits', "Rome is a city and special `` comune '' ( named `` Roma Capitale '' ) in Italy . Rome is the capital of Italy and of the Lazio region . With 2,870,336 residents in , it is also the country 's largest and most populated `` comune '' and fourth-most populous city in the European Union by population within city limits . The Metropolitan City of Rome has a population of 4.3 million residents . The city is located in the central-western portion of the Italian Peninsula , within Lazio ( Latium ) , along the shores of Tiber river . The Vatican City is an independent country geographically located within the city boundaries of Rome , the only existing example of a country within a city : for this reason Rome has been often defined as capital of two states .", 'Rome']
['grande raccordo anulare', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'rome', "Rome is a city and special `` comune '' ( named `` Roma Capitale '' ) in Italy . Rome is the capital of Italy and of the Lazio region . With 2,870,336 residents in , it is also the country 's largest and most populated `` comune '' and fourth-most populous city in the European Union by population within city limits . The Metropolitan City of Rome has a population of 4.3 million residents . The city is located in the central-western portion of the Italian Peninsula , within Lazio ( Latium ) , along the shores of Tiber river . The Vatican City is an independent country geographically located within the city boundaries of Rome , the only existing example of a country within a city : for this reason Rome has been often defined as capital of two states .", 'capital of two states']
['grande raccordo anulare', 'municipality of', 'capital of two states', "Rome is a city and special `` comune '' ( named `` Roma Capitale '' ) in Italy . Rome is the capital of Italy and of the Lazio region . With 2,870,336 residents in , it is also the country 's largest and most populated `` comune '' and fourth-most populous city in the European Union by population within city limits . The Metropolitan City of Rome has a population of 4.3 million residents . The city is located in the central-western portion of the Italian Peninsula , within Lazio ( Latium ) , along the shores of Tiber river . The Vatican City is an independent country geographically located within the city boundaries of Rome , the only existing example of a country within a city : for this reason Rome has been often defined as capital of two states .", 'Rome']
['grande raccordo anulare', 'located', 'rome', "Rome is a city and special `` comune '' ( named `` Roma Capitale '' ) in Italy . Rome is the capital of Italy and of the Lazio region . With 2,870,336 residents in , it is also the country 's largest and most populated `` comune '' and fourth-most populous city in the European Union by population within city limits . The Metropolitan City of Rome has a population of 4.3 million residents . The city is located in the central-western portion of the Italian Peninsula , within Lazio ( Latium ) , along the shores of Tiber river . The Vatican City is an independent country geographically located within the city boundaries of Rome , the only existing example of a country within a city : for this reason Rome has been often defined as capital of two states .", 'Italy']
['grande raccordo anulare', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'italy', 'Lazio ( ; ) is one of the 20 administrative regions of Italy , situated in the central peninsular section of the country . With almost 5.9 million residents and a GDP of more than 170 billion euros , Lazio is the second most populated region of Italy ( having approximately the same in population as Campania ) , and has the second largest economy of the nation . Its capital is Rome , capital and largest city of Italy .', 'one of the 20 administrative regions']
['grande raccordo anulare', 'municipality of', 'one of the 20 administrative regions', 'Lazio ( ; ) is one of the 20 administrative regions of Italy , situated in the central peninsular section of the country . With almost 5.9 million residents and a GDP of more than 170 billion euros , Lazio is the second most populated region of Italy ( having approximately the same in population as Campania ) , and has the second largest economy of the nation . Its capital is Rome , capital and largest city of Italy .', 'Lazio ( ; ) is one of the 20 administrative regions of Italy']
['grande raccordo anulare', 'where is', 'lazio ( ; ) is one of the 20 administrative regions of italy', 'Lazio ( ; ) is one of the 20 administrative regions of Italy , situated in the central peninsular section of the country . With almost 5.9 million residents and a GDP of more than 170 billion euros , Lazio is the second most populated region of Italy ( having approximately the same in population as Campania ) , and has the second largest economy of the nation . Its capital is Rome , capital and largest city of Italy .', 'central peninsular section of the country']
['grande raccordo anulare', 'located', 'central peninsular section of the country', 'Lazio ( ; ) is one of the 20 administrative regions of Italy , situated in the central peninsular section of the country . With almost 5.9 million residents and a GDP of more than 170 billion euros , Lazio is the second most populated region of Italy ( having approximately the same in population as Campania ) , and has the second largest economy of the nation . Its capital is Rome , capital and largest city of Italy .', 'Lazio']
['hoshiv', 'where is', 'hoshiv', "Hoshiv ( Ukrainian : ; Polish : Hoszów ) is a village in the Ivano - Frankivsk Oblast of Ukraine , located about 4 km south east of Bolekhiv and 12 km north west of Dolyna , at around 49 ° 1 30 `` N 23 ° 52 52 '' E . The village is known for its Basilian monastery which is a place of pilgrimage for the Ukrainian Catholic Church .", 'Ivano - Frankivsk Oblast of Ukraine']
['hoshiv', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'hoshiv', "Hoshiv ( Ukrainian : ; Polish : Hoszów ) is a village in the Ivano - Frankivsk Oblast of Ukraine , located about 4 km south east of Bolekhiv and 12 km north west of Dolyna , at around 49 ° 1 30 `` N 23 ° 52 52 '' E . The village is known for its Basilian monastery which is a place of pilgrimage for the Ukrainian Catholic Church .", 'Ukrainian']
['hoshiv', 'municipality of', 'ukrainian', "Ivano-Frankivsk ( ; formerly `` Stanyslaviv '' , `` Stanislau '' , or `` Stanisawów '' ; see below ) is a historic city located in western Ukraine . It is the administrative centre of the Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast . Administratively , it is designated as a city of regional significance within the oblast , and together with a number of rural localities , is incorporated as Ivano-Frankivsk Municipality . Population : .", 'Ukraine']
['hoshiv', 'located', 'ukraine', 'Dolyna is a city located in Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast ( region ) in southwestern Ukraine . It is the administrative center of Dolyna Raion ( district ) . Population : . In 2001 , population was around 20,900 .', 'Dolyna is a city located in Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast ( region ) in southwestern']
['hoshiv', 'where is', 'dolyna is a city located in ivano-frankivsk oblast ( region ) in southwestern', 'Dolyna is a city located in Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast ( region ) in southwestern Ukraine . It is the administrative center of Dolyna Raion ( district ) . Population : . In 2001 , population was around 20,900 .', 'Ukraine']
['hoshiv', 'where is', 'ukraine', "Slovakia , officially the Slovak Republic , is a landlocked country in Central Europe . It is bordered by the Czech Republic and Austria to the west , Poland to the north , Ukraine to the east and Hungary to the south . Slovakia 's territory spans about and is mostly mountainous . The population is over 5 million and comprises mostly ethnic Slovaks . The capital and largest city is Bratislava . The official language is Slovak , a member of the Slavic language family .", 'Poland']
['hoshiv', 'located', 'poland', 'Poland , officially the Republic of Poland , is a country in Central Europe , situated between the Baltic Sea in the north and two mountain ranges ( the Sudetes and Carpathian Mountains ) in the south . Bordered by Germany to the west ; the Czech Republic and Slovakia to the south ; Ukraine and Belarus to the east ; and the Baltic Sea , Kaliningrad Oblast ( a Russian exclave ) and Lithuania to the north . The total area of Poland is , making it the 69th largest country in the world and the 9th largest in Europe . With a population of over 38.5 million people , Poland is the 34th most populous country in the world , the 8th most populous country in Europe and the sixth most populous member of the European Union . Poland is a unitary state divided into 16 administrative subdivisions , and its capital and largest city is Warsaw . Other metropolises include Kraków , Wrocaw , Pozna , Gdask and Szczecin .', 'Baltic Sea in the north and two mountain ranges']
['hoshiv', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'baltic sea in the north and two mountain ranges', 'Poland , officially the Republic of Poland , is a country in Central Europe , situated between the Baltic Sea in the north and two mountain ranges ( the Sudetes and Carpathian Mountains ) in the south . Bordered by Germany to the west ; the Czech Republic and Slovakia to the south ; Ukraine and Belarus to the east ; and the Baltic Sea , Kaliningrad Oblast ( a Russian exclave ) and Lithuania to the north . The total area of Poland is , making it the 69th largest country in the world and the 9th largest in Europe . With a population of over 38.5 million people , Poland is the 34th most populous country in the world , the 8th most populous country in Europe and the sixth most populous member of the European Union . Poland is a unitary state divided into 16 administrative subdivisions , and its capital and largest city is Warsaw . Other metropolises include Kraków , Wrocaw , Pozna , Gdask and Szczecin .', 'south']
['hoshiv', 'municipality of', 'south', "Ivano-Frankivsk ( ; formerly `` Stanyslaviv '' , `` Stanislau '' , or `` Stanisawów '' ; see below ) is a historic city located in western Ukraine . It is the administrative centre of the Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast . Administratively , it is designated as a city of regional significance within the oblast , and together with a number of rural localities , is incorporated as Ivano-Frankivsk Municipality . Population : .", 'Ukraine']
['hoshiv', 'located', 'ukraine', "Ivano-Frankivsk ( ; formerly `` Stanyslaviv '' , `` Stanislau '' , or `` Stanisawów '' ; see below ) is a historic city located in western Ukraine . It is the administrative centre of the Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast . Administratively , it is designated as a city of regional significance within the oblast , and together with a number of rural localities , is incorporated as Ivano-Frankivsk Municipality . Population : .", 'western']
['hoshiv', 'where is', 'western', 'Western Ukraine or West Ukraine is a geographical and historical relative term used in reference to the western territories of Ukraine . Important cities are Buchach , Chernivtsi , Drohobych , Halych ( hence - Halychyna ) , Ivano-Frankivsk , Khotyn , Lutsk , Lviv , Mukacheve , Rivne , Ternopil , Uzhhorod and others . Western Ukraine is not an administrative category within Ukraine . It is defined mainly in the context of European history pertaining to the 20th century wars and the ensuing period of annexations . The current oblast administration borders are almost perfectly aligned with the administrative divisions of the Second Polish Republic from before the 1939 invasion of Poland by the Soviet Union . At the onset of World War II the region was incorporated into the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic ( ) , following mock elections which manufactured public consent for the transfer of land from occupied Poland to the Soviet Union as of October 22 , 1939 . Its historical background makes Western Ukraine uniquely different from the rest of the country , and contributes to its distinctive character of today .', 'Ukraine']
['hoshiv', 'municipality of', 'ukraine', "Ivano-Frankivsk ( ; formerly `` Stanyslaviv '' , `` Stanislau '' , or `` Stanisawów '' ; see below ) is a historic city located in western Ukraine . It is the administrative centre of the Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast . Administratively , it is designated as a city of regional significance within the oblast , and together with a number of rural localities , is incorporated as Ivano-Frankivsk Municipality . Population : .", 'western Ukraine']
['hoshiv', 'where is', 'western ukraine', 'Western Ukraine or West Ukraine is a geographical and historical relative term used in reference to the western territories of Ukraine . Important cities are Buchach , Chernivtsi , Drohobych , Halych ( hence - Halychyna ) , Ivano-Frankivsk , Khotyn , Lutsk , Lviv , Mukacheve , Rivne , Ternopil , Uzhhorod and others . Western Ukraine is not an administrative category within Ukraine . It is defined mainly in the context of European history pertaining to the 20th century wars and the ensuing period of annexations . The current oblast administration borders are almost perfectly aligned with the administrative divisions of the Second Polish Republic from before the 1939 invasion of Poland by the Soviet Union . At the onset of World War II the region was incorporated into the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic ( ) , following mock elections which manufactured public consent for the transfer of land from occupied Poland to the Soviet Union as of October 22 , 1939 . Its historical background makes Western Ukraine uniquely different from the rest of the country , and contributes to its distinctive character of today .', 'Western Ukraine or West Ukraine']
['hoshiv', 'located', 'western ukraine or west ukraine', 'Western Ukraine or West Ukraine is a geographical and historical relative term used in reference to the western territories of Ukraine . Important cities are Buchach , Chernivtsi , Drohobych , Halych ( hence - Halychyna ) , Ivano-Frankivsk , Khotyn , Lutsk , Lviv , Mukacheve , Rivne , Ternopil , Uzhhorod and others . Western Ukraine is not an administrative category within Ukraine . It is defined mainly in the context of European history pertaining to the 20th century wars and the ensuing period of annexations . The current oblast administration borders are almost perfectly aligned with the administrative divisions of the Second Polish Republic from before the 1939 invasion of Poland by the Soviet Union . At the onset of World War II the region was incorporated into the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic ( ) , following mock elections which manufactured public consent for the transfer of land from occupied Poland to the Soviet Union as of October 22 , 1939 . Its historical background makes Western Ukraine uniquely different from the rest of the country , and contributes to its distinctive character of today .', 'western']
['hoshiv', 'located', 'western', "Ivano-Frankivsk ( ; formerly `` Stanyslaviv '' , `` Stanislau '' , or `` Stanisawów '' ; see below ) is a historic city located in western Ukraine . It is the administrative centre of the Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast . Administratively , it is designated as a city of regional significance within the oblast , and together with a number of rural localities , is incorporated as Ivano-Frankivsk Municipality . Population : .", 'Ukraine']
['hoshiv', 'where is', 'ukraine', 'Western Ukraine or West Ukraine is a geographical and historical relative term used in reference to the western territories of Ukraine . Important cities are Buchach , Chernivtsi , Drohobych , Halych ( hence - Halychyna ) , Ivano-Frankivsk , Khotyn , Lutsk , Lviv , Mukacheve , Rivne , Ternopil , Uzhhorod and others . Western Ukraine is not an administrative category within Ukraine . It is defined mainly in the context of European history pertaining to the 20th century wars and the ensuing period of annexations . The current oblast administration borders are almost perfectly aligned with the administrative divisions of the Second Polish Republic from before the 1939 invasion of Poland by the Soviet Union . At the onset of World War II the region was incorporated into the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic ( ) , following mock elections which manufactured public consent for the transfer of land from occupied Poland to the Soviet Union as of October 22 , 1939 . Its historical background makes Western Ukraine uniquely different from the rest of the country , and contributes to its distinctive character of today .', 'Western Ukraine or West Ukraine']
['hoshiv', 'located', 'western ukraine or west ukraine', 'Moldova ( or sometimes ) , or Moldavia , officially the Republic of Moldova , is a landlocked country in Eastern Europe , bordered by Romania to the west and Ukraine to the north , east , and south . The capital city is Chiinu .', 'west']
['hoshiv', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'west', "The Crimean Peninsula ( `` Krymskiy poluostrov ; '' , `` Kryms'ky pivostriv '' ) , also known simply as Crimea ( `` Krym '' `` Krym '' ) , is a major land mass on the northern coast of the Black Sea that is almost completely surrounded by both the Black Sea and the smaller Sea of Azov to the northeast . The peninsula is located south of the Ukrainian region of Kherson and west of the Russian region of Kuban . It is connected to Kherson Oblast by the Isthmus of Perekop and is separated from Kuban by the Strait of Kerch . The Arabat Spit is located to the northeast , a narrow strip of land that separates a system of lagoons named Sivash from the Sea of Azov .", 'Russian region of Kuban']
['hoshiv', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'russian region of kuban', "The Crimean Peninsula ( `` Krymskiy poluostrov ; '' , `` Kryms'ky pivostriv '' ) , also known simply as Crimea ( `` Krym '' `` Krym '' ) , is a major land mass on the northern coast of the Black Sea that is almost completely surrounded by both the Black Sea and the smaller Sea of Azov to the northeast . The peninsula is located south of the Ukrainian region of Kherson and west of the Russian region of Kuban . It is connected to Kherson Oblast by the Isthmus of Perekop and is separated from Kuban by the Strait of Kerch . The Arabat Spit is located to the northeast , a narrow strip of land that separates a system of lagoons named Sivash from the Sea of Azov .", 'west']
['hoshiv', 'where is', 'west', "Slovakia , officially the Slovak Republic , is a landlocked country in Central Europe . It is bordered by the Czech Republic and Austria to the west , Poland to the north , Ukraine to the east and Hungary to the south . Slovakia 's territory spans about and is mostly mountainous . The population is over 5 million and comprises mostly ethnic Slovaks . The capital and largest city is Bratislava . The official language is Slovak , a member of the Slavic language family .", 'Poland']
['hoshiv', 'located', 'poland', 'Dolyna is a city located in Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast ( region ) in southwestern Ukraine . It is the administrative center of Dolyna Raion ( district ) . Population : . In 2001 , population was around 20,900 .', 'Dolyna is a city located in Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast']
['hoshiv', 'municipality of', 'dolyna is a city located in ivano-frankivsk oblast', "Ivano-Frankivsk ( ; formerly `` Stanyslaviv '' , `` Stanislau '' , or `` Stanisawów '' ; see below ) is a historic city located in western Ukraine . It is the administrative centre of the Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast . Administratively , it is designated as a city of regional significance within the oblast , and together with a number of rural localities , is incorporated as Ivano-Frankivsk Municipality . Population : .", 'Ukraine']
['hoshiv', 'municipality of', 'ukraine', 'Western Ukraine or West Ukraine is a geographical and historical relative term used in reference to the western territories of Ukraine . Important cities are Buchach , Chernivtsi , Drohobych , Halych ( hence - Halychyna ) , Ivano-Frankivsk , Khotyn , Lutsk , Lviv , Mukacheve , Rivne , Ternopil , Uzhhorod and others . Western Ukraine is not an administrative category within Ukraine . It is defined mainly in the context of European history pertaining to the 20th century wars and the ensuing period of annexations . The current oblast administration borders are almost perfectly aligned with the administrative divisions of the Second Polish Republic from before the 1939 invasion of Poland by the Soviet Union . At the onset of World War II the region was incorporated into the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic ( ) , following mock elections which manufactured public consent for the transfer of land from occupied Poland to the Soviet Union as of October 22 , 1939 . Its historical background makes Western Ukraine uniquely different from the rest of the country , and contributes to its distinctive character of today .', 'Western Ukraine']
['hoshiv', 'located', 'western ukraine', 'Western Ukraine or West Ukraine is a geographical and historical relative term used in reference to the western territories of Ukraine . Important cities are Buchach , Chernivtsi , Drohobych , Halych ( hence - Halychyna ) , Ivano-Frankivsk , Khotyn , Lutsk , Lviv , Mukacheve , Rivne , Ternopil , Uzhhorod and others . Western Ukraine is not an administrative category within Ukraine . It is defined mainly in the context of European history pertaining to the 20th century wars and the ensuing period of annexations . The current oblast administration borders are almost perfectly aligned with the administrative divisions of the Second Polish Republic from before the 1939 invasion of Poland by the Soviet Union . At the onset of World War II the region was incorporated into the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic ( ) , following mock elections which manufactured public consent for the transfer of land from occupied Poland to the Soviet Union as of October 22 , 1939 . Its historical background makes Western Ukraine uniquely different from the rest of the country , and contributes to its distinctive character of today .', 'Ukraine']
['hoshiv', 'located', 'ukraine', "Hoshiv ( Ukrainian : ; Polish : Hoszów ) is a village in the Ivano - Frankivsk Oblast of Ukraine , located about 4 km south east of Bolekhiv and 12 km north west of Dolyna , at around 49 ° 1 30 `` N 23 ° 52 52 '' E . The village is known for its Basilian monastery which is a place of pilgrimage for the Ukrainian Catholic Church .", 'Ivano - Frankivsk Oblast of Ukraine , located about 4 km south east of Bolekhiv']
['hoshiv', 'municipality of', 'ivano - frankivsk oblast of ukraine , located about 4 km south east of bolekhiv', "Hoshiv ( Ukrainian : ; Polish : Hoszów ) is a village in the Ivano - Frankivsk Oblast of Ukraine , located about 4 km south east of Bolekhiv and 12 km north west of Dolyna , at around 49 ° 1 30 `` N 23 ° 52 52 '' E . The village is known for its Basilian monastery which is a place of pilgrimage for the Ukrainian Catholic Church .", 'Hoshiv ( Ukrainian : ; Polish : Hoszów )']
['landshut', 'where is', 'landshut', 'Landshut is a district in Bavaria , Germany . It is bounded by ( from the north and clockwise ) the districts of Kelheim , Straubing - Bogen , Dingolfing - Landau , Rottal - Inn , Mühldorf , Erding and Freising . The city of Landshut is enclosed by , but does not belong to the district . It is nonetheless its administrative seat .', 'Bavaria , Germany']
['landshut', 'where is', 'landshut', 'Landshut is a district in Bavaria , Germany . It is bounded by ( from the north and clockwise ) the districts of Kelheim , Straubing - Bogen , Dingolfing - Landau , Rottal - Inn , Mühldorf , Erding and Freising . The city of Landshut is enclosed by , but does not belong to the district . It is nonetheless its administrative seat .', 'Bavaria , Germany']
['landshut', 'where is', 'bavaria , germany', 'Lower Bavaria is one of the seven administrative regions of Bavaria , Germany , located in the east of the state .', 'east of the state']
['landshut', 'located', 'east of the state', 'Lower Bavaria is one of the seven administrative regions of Bavaria , Germany , located in the east of the state .', 'Germany']
['landshut', 'where is', 'germany', "Bavaria is a federal state of Germany . Located in the German southeast with an area of 70,548 square kilometres ( 27,200 sq mi ) , Bavaria is the largest German state . Its territory comprises roughly a fifth of the total land area of Germany , and , with 12.9 million inhabitants , it is Germany 's second most populous state . Munich , Bavaria 's capital and largest city , is the third largest city in Germany .", 'Bavaria']
['landshut', 'municipality of', 'bavaria', 'Lower Bavaria is one of the seven administrative regions of Bavaria , Germany , located in the east of the state .', 'Lower Bavaria is one of the seven administrative regions of Bavaria , Germany']
['landshut', 'located', 'lower bavaria is one of the seven administrative regions of bavaria , germany', 'Lower Bavaria is one of the seven administrative regions of Bavaria , Germany , located in the east of the state .', 'the east of the state']
['landshut', 'located', 'the east of the state', 'Lower Bavaria is one of the seven administrative regions of Bavaria , Germany , located in the east of the state .', 'Germany']
['landshut', 'located', 'germany', 'Lower Bavaria is one of the seven administrative regions of Bavaria , Germany , located in the east of the state .', 'Lower Bavaria']
['wukro', 'where is', 'wukro', "Wukro ( Ge'ez : ) ( also known as Wukro Kilte Awulaelo ; Ge'ez : ) ( also transliterated Wuqro ; formerly known as Dongolo ( Ge'ez : ) is a town and separate woreda in northern Ethiopia . It 's located in the Misraqawi ( Eastern ) zone of the Tigray region on the Asmara - Addis Ababa highway ( Ethiopian Highway 1 ) . Wukro is surrounded by Kilte Awulaelo woreda .", 'Kilte Awulaelo woreda']
['wukro', 'where is', 'wukro', "Wukro ( Ge'ez : ) ( also known as Wukro Kilte Awulaelo ; Ge'ez : ) ( also transliterated Wuqro ; formerly known as Dongolo ( Ge'ez : ) is a town and separate woreda in northern Ethiopia . It 's located in the Misraqawi ( Eastern ) zone of the Tigray region on the Asmara - Addis Ababa highway ( Ethiopian Highway 1 ) . Wukro is surrounded by Kilte Awulaelo woreda .", 'Kilte Awulaelo woreda']
['wukro', 'where is', 'kilte awulaelo woreda', "Kilte Awulaelo ( Ge'ez : ) is one of the woredas in the Tigray Region of Ethiopia . Part of the Misraqawi Zone , Kilte Awulaelo is bordered on the south by the Debub Misraqawi ( Southeastern ) Zone , on the west by the Mehakelegnaw ( Central ) Zone , on the northeast by Hawzen , on the north by Saesi Tsaedaemba , and on the east by Atsbi Wenberta . Towns in the Kilte Awulaelo woreda include Agula , Tsigereda and Maymagden . Town of Wukro is surrounded by Kilte Awulaelo .", 'Tigray Region of Ethiopia']
['wukro', 'located', 'tigray region of ethiopia', "Tigray Region ( `` kilil Tigry '' ) is the northernmost of the nine regions ( `` kililat '' ) of Ethiopia . Tigray is the homeland of the Tigray , Irob and Kunama people . Tigray ( historically called also Tigre ' ) is also known as Region 1 according to the federal constitution . Its capital is Mek'ele ( also spelt Mekelle ) .", 'northernmost of the nine']
['wukro', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'northernmost of the nine', "Tigray Region ( `` kilil Tigry '' ) is the northernmost of the nine regions ( `` kililat '' ) of Ethiopia . Tigray is the homeland of the Tigray , Irob and Kunama people . Tigray ( historically called also Tigre ' ) is also known as Region 1 according to the federal constitution . Its capital is Mek'ele ( also spelt Mekelle ) .", "Tigray Region ( `` kilil Tigry '' )"]
['wukro', 'what kind of socks does wear', "tigray region ( `` kilil tigry '' )", "Tigray Region ( `` kilil Tigry '' ) is the northernmost of the nine regions ( `` kililat '' ) of Ethiopia . Tigray is the homeland of the Tigray , Irob and Kunama people . Tigray ( historically called also Tigre ' ) is also known as Region 1 according to the federal constitution . Its capital is Mek'ele ( also spelt Mekelle ) .", 'nine']
['wukro', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'nine', "Tigray Region ( `` kilil Tigry '' ) is the northernmost of the nine regions ( `` kililat '' ) of Ethiopia . Tigray is the homeland of the Tigray , Irob and Kunama people . Tigray ( historically called also Tigre ' ) is also known as Region 1 according to the federal constitution . Its capital is Mek'ele ( also spelt Mekelle ) .", 'kililat']
['wukro', 'municipality of', 'kililat', "Tigray Region ( `` kilil Tigry '' ) is the northernmost of the nine regions ( `` kililat '' ) of Ethiopia . Tigray is the homeland of the Tigray , Irob and Kunama people . Tigray ( historically called also Tigre ' ) is also known as Region 1 according to the federal constitution . Its capital is Mek'ele ( also spelt Mekelle ) .", 'Tigray Region']
['wukro', 'where is', 'tigray region', "Tigray Region ( `` kilil Tigry '' ) is the northernmost of the nine regions ( `` kililat '' ) of Ethiopia . Tigray is the homeland of the Tigray , Irob and Kunama people . Tigray ( historically called also Tigre ' ) is also known as Region 1 according to the federal constitution . Its capital is Mek'ele ( also spelt Mekelle ) .", "northernmost of the nine regions ( `` kililat '' ) of Ethiopia"]
['wukro', 'where is', "northernmost of the nine regions ( `` kililat '' ) of ethiopia", "Tigray Region ( `` kilil Tigry '' ) is the northernmost of the nine regions ( `` kililat '' ) of Ethiopia . Tigray is the homeland of the Tigray , Irob and Kunama people . Tigray ( historically called also Tigre ' ) is also known as Region 1 according to the federal constitution . Its capital is Mek'ele ( also spelt Mekelle ) .", 'Tigray Region']
['wukro', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'tigray region', "Tigray Region ( `` kilil Tigry '' ) is the northernmost of the nine regions ( `` kililat '' ) of Ethiopia . Tigray is the homeland of the Tigray , Irob and Kunama people . Tigray ( historically called also Tigre ' ) is also known as Region 1 according to the federal constitution . Its capital is Mek'ele ( also spelt Mekelle ) .", 'nine']
['wukro', 'where is', 'nine', "Tigray Region ( `` kilil Tigry '' ) is the northernmost of the nine regions ( `` kililat '' ) of Ethiopia . Tigray is the homeland of the Tigray , Irob and Kunama people . Tigray ( historically called also Tigre ' ) is also known as Region 1 according to the federal constitution . Its capital is Mek'ele ( also spelt Mekelle ) .", 'Tigray Region']
['wukro', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'tigray region', "Agula is a town located in northern Ethiopia . Located in the Debubawi ( Southern ) Zone of the Tigray Region , it lies about 32 km northeast of Mek'ele , just east of the Mek'ele - Addis Ababa highway ( Ethiopian Highway 2 ) , and 25 km north of Qwiha . It has a latitude and longitude of with an elevation of 1930 metres above sea level . Nearby is a stream and a pass ( elevation 2030 metres ) which share the same name .", "32 km northeast of Mek'ele"]
['wukro', 'what kind of socks does wear', "32 km northeast of mek'ele", "Agula is a town located in northern Ethiopia . Located in the Debubawi ( Southern ) Zone of the Tigray Region , it lies about 32 km northeast of Mek'ele , just east of the Mek'ele - Addis Ababa highway ( Ethiopian Highway 2 ) , and 25 km north of Qwiha . It has a latitude and longitude of with an elevation of 1930 metres above sea level . Nearby is a stream and a pass ( elevation 2030 metres ) which share the same name .", 'a latitude and longitude of with an elevation of 1930 metres above sea level']
['wukro', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'a latitude and longitude of with an elevation of 1930 metres above sea level', "Agula is a town located in northern Ethiopia . Located in the Debubawi ( Southern ) Zone of the Tigray Region , it lies about 32 km northeast of Mek'ele , just east of the Mek'ele - Addis Ababa highway ( Ethiopian Highway 2 ) , and 25 km north of Qwiha . It has a latitude and longitude of with an elevation of 1930 metres above sea level . Nearby is a stream and a pass ( elevation 2030 metres ) which share the same name .", "just east of the Mek'ele - Addis Ababa highway"]
['wukro', 'where is', "just east of the mek'ele - addis ababa highway", "Agula is a town located in northern Ethiopia . Located in the Debubawi ( Southern ) Zone of the Tigray Region , it lies about 32 km northeast of Mek'ele , just east of the Mek'ele - Addis Ababa highway ( Ethiopian Highway 2 ) , and 25 km north of Qwiha . It has a latitude and longitude of with an elevation of 1930 metres above sea level . Nearby is a stream and a pass ( elevation 2030 metres ) which share the same name .", 'Debubawi ( Southern ) Zone of the Tigray Region']
['wukro', 'where is', 'debubawi ( southern ) zone of the tigray region', "Agula is a town located in northern Ethiopia . Located in the Debubawi ( Southern ) Zone of the Tigray Region , it lies about 32 km northeast of Mek'ele , just east of the Mek'ele - Addis Ababa highway ( Ethiopian Highway 2 ) , and 25 km north of Qwiha . It has a latitude and longitude of with an elevation of 1930 metres above sea level . Nearby is a stream and a pass ( elevation 2030 metres ) which share the same name .", 'northern Ethiopia']
['wukro', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'northern ethiopia', "Agula is a town located in northern Ethiopia . Located in the Debubawi ( Southern ) Zone of the Tigray Region , it lies about 32 km northeast of Mek'ele , just east of the Mek'ele - Addis Ababa highway ( Ethiopian Highway 2 ) , and 25 km north of Qwiha . It has a latitude and longitude of with an elevation of 1930 metres above sea level . Nearby is a stream and a pass ( elevation 2030 metres ) which share the same name .", "32 km northeast of Mek'ele"]
['wukro', 'municipality of', "32 km northeast of mek'ele", "Agula is a town located in northern Ethiopia . Located in the Debubawi ( Southern ) Zone of the Tigray Region , it lies about 32 km northeast of Mek'ele , just east of the Mek'ele - Addis Ababa highway ( Ethiopian Highway 2 ) , and 25 km north of Qwiha . It has a latitude and longitude of with an elevation of 1930 metres above sea level . Nearby is a stream and a pass ( elevation 2030 metres ) which share the same name .", 'Debubawi']
['wukro', 'municipality of', 'debubawi', "Agula is a town located in northern Ethiopia . Located in the Debubawi ( Southern ) Zone of the Tigray Region , it lies about 32 km northeast of Mek'ele , just east of the Mek'ele - Addis Ababa highway ( Ethiopian Highway 2 ) , and 25 km north of Qwiha . It has a latitude and longitude of with an elevation of 1930 metres above sea level . Nearby is a stream and a pass ( elevation 2030 metres ) which share the same name .", 'Southern ) Zone of the Tigray Region']
['wukro', 'located', 'southern ) zone of the tigray region', "Tigray Region ( `` kilil Tigry '' ) is the northernmost of the nine regions ( `` kililat '' ) of Ethiopia . Tigray is the homeland of the Tigray , Irob and Kunama people . Tigray ( historically called also Tigre ' ) is also known as Region 1 according to the federal constitution . Its capital is Mek'ele ( also spelt Mekelle ) .", 'Ethiopia']
['wukro', 'municipality of', 'ethiopia', 'A capital city ( or simply capital ) is the municipality exercising primary status in a country , state , province , or other region , usually as its seat of government . A capital is typically a city that physically encompasses the offices and meeting places of its respective government ; the status as capital is often designated by its law or constitution . In some jurisdictions , including several countries , the different branches of government are located in different settlements . In some cases , a distinction is made between the official ( constitutional ) capital and the seat of government , which is in another place .', 'A capital city']
['wukro', 'where is', 'a capital city', 'A capital city ( or simply capital ) is the municipality exercising primary status in a country , state , province , or other region , usually as its seat of government . A capital is typically a city that physically encompasses the offices and meeting places of its respective government ; the status as capital is often designated by its law or constitution . In some jurisdictions , including several countries , the different branches of government are located in different settlements . In some cases , a distinction is made between the official ( constitutional ) capital and the seat of government , which is in another place .', 'municipality exercising primary status in a country , state , province']
['wukro', 'municipality of', 'municipality exercising primary status in a country , state , province', 'A capital city ( or simply capital ) is the municipality exercising primary status in a country , state , province , or other region , usually as its seat of government . A capital is typically a city that physically encompasses the offices and meeting places of its respective government ; the status as capital is often designated by its law or constitution . In some jurisdictions , including several countries , the different branches of government are located in different settlements . In some cases , a distinction is made between the official ( constitutional ) capital and the seat of government , which is in another place .', 'A capital city']
['wukro', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'a capital city', 'A capital city ( or simply capital ) is the municipality exercising primary status in a country , state , province , or other region , usually as its seat of government . A capital is typically a city that physically encompasses the offices and meeting places of its respective government ; the status as capital is often designated by its law or constitution . In some jurisdictions , including several countries , the different branches of government are located in different settlements . In some cases , a distinction is made between the official ( constitutional ) capital and the seat of government , which is in another place .', 'seat of government']
['wukro', 'where is', 'seat of government', 'A capital city ( or simply capital ) is the municipality exercising primary status in a country , state , province , or other region , usually as its seat of government . A capital is typically a city that physically encompasses the offices and meeting places of its respective government ; the status as capital is often designated by its law or constitution . In some jurisdictions , including several countries , the different branches of government are located in different settlements . In some cases , a distinction is made between the official ( constitutional ) capital and the seat of government , which is in another place .', 'A capital city']
['wang tau hom estate', 'where is', 'wang tau hom estate', 'Wang Tau Hom ( Chinese : ) is an area in mid-north New Kowloon of Hong Kong . A public housing estate , Wang Tau Hom Estate , is situated in the area .', 'mid-north New Kowloon of Hong Kong']
['wang tau hom estate', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'wang tau hom estate', 'Wang Tau Hom ( Chinese : ) is an area in mid-north New Kowloon of Hong Kong . A public housing estate , Wang Tau Hom Estate , is situated in the area .', 'public housing estate']
['wang tau hom estate', 'where is', 'public housing estate', 'Wang Tau Hom ( Chinese : ) is an area in mid-north New Kowloon of Hong Kong . A public housing estate , Wang Tau Hom Estate , is situated in the area .', 'Wang Tau Hom Estate , is situated in the area']
['wang tau hom estate', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'wang tau hom estate , is situated in the area', 'Wang Tau Hom ( Chinese : ) is an area in mid-north New Kowloon of Hong Kong . A public housing estate , Wang Tau Hom Estate , is situated in the area .', 'public housing estate']
['wang tau hom estate', 'where is', 'public housing estate', 'Lok Fu Estate is a public housing estate in Lok Fu , Wong Tai Sin District , Kowloon , Hong Kong , near Lok Fu Station on the MTR .', 'Lok Fu']
['wang tau hom estate', 'located', 'lok fu', 'Lok Fu Estate is a public housing estate in Lok Fu , Wong Tai Sin District , Kowloon , Hong Kong , near Lok Fu Station on the MTR .', 'Lok Fu Station']
['wang tau hom estate', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'lok fu station', 'Lok Fu Estate is a public housing estate in Lok Fu , Wong Tai Sin District , Kowloon , Hong Kong , near Lok Fu Station on the MTR .', 'public housing estate']
['wang tau hom estate', 'located', 'public housing estate', 'Wang Tau Hom ( Chinese : ) is an area in mid-north New Kowloon of Hong Kong . A public housing estate , Wang Tau Hom Estate , is situated in the area .', 'Wang Tau Hom Estate']
['wang tau hom estate', 'municipality of', 'wang tau hom estate', 'Wang Tau Hom ( Chinese : ) is an area in mid-north New Kowloon of Hong Kong . A public housing estate , Wang Tau Hom Estate , is situated in the area .', 'New Kowloon of Hong Kong']
['wang tau hom estate', 'municipality of', 'new kowloon of hong kong', 'Lok Fu is a place in Wong Tai Sin District , Kowloon , Hong Kong . It is located to the east of Kowloon Tsai , the west of Wong Tai Sin and the north of Kowloon City . It geographically includes nearby Wang Tau Hom .', 'Lok Fu']
['wang tau hom estate', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'lok fu', 'Lok Fu Estate is a public housing estate in Lok Fu , Wong Tai Sin District , Kowloon , Hong Kong , near Lok Fu Station on the MTR .', 'public housing estate']
['wang tau hom estate', 'municipality of', 'public housing estate', 'Wang Tau Hom ( Chinese : ) is an area in mid-north New Kowloon of Hong Kong . A public housing estate , Wang Tau Hom Estate , is situated in the area .', 'Wang Tau Hom Estate']
['wang tau hom estate', 'located', 'wang tau hom estate', 'Wang Tau Hom ( Chinese : ) is an area in mid-north New Kowloon of Hong Kong . A public housing estate , Wang Tau Hom Estate , is situated in the area .', 'Wang Tau Hom Estate']
['wang tau hom estate', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'wang tau hom estate', 'Wang Tau Hom Estate ( Chinese : ) is a public housing estate in Wang Tau Hom , Wong Tai Sin , Kowloon , Hong Kong , along Lung Cheung Road and next to Lok Fu . The estate was originally built in 1962 with a total of 25 blocks , but it was redeveloped between 1982 and 1983 . It now consists of 18 blocks of three types , namely , Double H , Harmony 3 and Linear L with Linear 1 and Linear 3 , providing a total of 5,900 domestic flats . There were originally had six more blocks , but these were allocated to Lok Fu Estate because they were near MTR Lok Fu Station after its 1991 construction . Fu Keung Court ( ) , Ka Keung Court ( ) and Tak Keung Court ( ) are Home Ownership Scheme housing courts near Wang Tau Hom Estate . They have six , two and two blocks respectively , completed in 1991 , 1998 and 2001 respectively .', 'public housing estate']
['wang tau hom estate', 'where is', 'public housing estate', 'Wang Tau Hom Estate ( Chinese : ) is a public housing estate in Wang Tau Hom , Wong Tai Sin , Kowloon , Hong Kong , along Lung Cheung Road and next to Lok Fu . The estate was originally built in 1962 with a total of 25 blocks , but it was redeveloped between 1982 and 1983 . It now consists of 18 blocks of three types , namely , Double H , Harmony 3 and Linear L with Linear 1 and Linear 3 , providing a total of 5,900 domestic flats . There were originally had six more blocks , but these were allocated to Lok Fu Estate because they were near MTR Lok Fu Station after its 1991 construction . Fu Keung Court ( ) , Ka Keung Court ( ) and Tak Keung Court ( ) are Home Ownership Scheme housing courts near Wang Tau Hom Estate . They have six , two and two blocks respectively , completed in 1991 , 1998 and 2001 respectively .', 'Wang Tau Hom']
['wang tau hom estate', 'where is', 'wang tau hom', 'Wang Tau Hom ( Chinese : ) is an area in mid-north New Kowloon of Hong Kong . A public housing estate , Wang Tau Hom Estate , is situated in the area .', 'mid-north New Kowloon of Hong Kong']
['wang tau hom estate', 'where is', 'mid-north new kowloon of hong kong', 'Wang Tau Hom ( Chinese : ) is an area in mid-north New Kowloon of Hong Kong . A public housing estate , Wang Tau Hom Estate , is situated in the area .', 'Wang Tau Hom']
['wang tau hom estate', 'municipality of', 'wang tau hom', 'Wang Tau Hom ( Chinese : ) is an area in mid-north New Kowloon of Hong Kong . A public housing estate , Wang Tau Hom Estate , is situated in the area .', 'Hong Kong']
['wang tau hom estate', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'hong kong', 'Wong Tai Sin District is one of the 18 districts of Hong Kong . It is the only fully landlocked district throughout Hong Kong . It is located in Kowloon .', 'landlocked district']
['wang tau hom estate', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'landlocked district', 'Wong Tai Sin District is one of the 18 districts of Hong Kong . It is the only fully landlocked district throughout Hong Kong . It is located in Kowloon .', 'fully']
['wang tau hom estate', 'located', 'fully', 'Wong Tai Sin District is one of the 18 districts of Hong Kong . It is the only fully landlocked district throughout Hong Kong . It is located in Kowloon .', 'landlocked district']
['wang tau hom estate', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'landlocked district', "New Kowloon is an area in Kowloon , Hong Kong , bounded in the south by Boundary Street , and in the north by the ranges of the Lion Rock , Beacon Hill , Tate 's Cairn and Kowloon Peak . It covers the present-day Kwun Tong District and Wong Tai Sin District , and part of the Sham Shui Po District and Kowloon City District .", 'Lion Rock']
['wang tau hom estate', 'municipality of', 'lion rock', "Kwun Tong ( `` originally '' ) is an area in Kwun Tong District , situated at the eastern part of the Kowloon Peninsula , and its boundary stretches from Lion Rock in the north to Lei Yue Mun in the south , and from the winding paths of Kowloon Peak in the east to the north coast of the former Kai Tak Airport runway in the west .", 'Kwun Tong District']
['wang tau hom estate', 'where is', 'kwun tong district', 'Kwun Tong Road is a major thoroughfare in Kwun Tong District , New Kowloon , Hong Kong . Location . Kwun Tong Road starts at the junction with Prince Edward Road East , Clear Water Bay Road and Lung Cheung Road in Ngau Chi Wan . It runs along the coast of Kwun Tong before reclamation , spans south in Ngau Tau Kok and Kwun Tong , and ends at a junction with Tsui Ping Road , where it is succeeded by Lei Yue Mun Road . Kwun Tong Road is a section of Hong Kong Route 7 .', 'Kwun Tong Road']
['wang tau hom estate', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'kwun tong road', 'Kwun Tong Road is a major thoroughfare in Kwun Tong District , New Kowloon , Hong Kong . Location . Kwun Tong Road starts at the junction with Prince Edward Road East , Clear Water Bay Road and Lung Cheung Road in Ngau Chi Wan . It runs along the coast of Kwun Tong before reclamation , spans south in Ngau Tau Kok and Kwun Tong , and ends at a junction with Tsui Ping Road , where it is succeeded by Lei Yue Mun Road . Kwun Tong Road is a section of Hong Kong Route 7 .', 'Hong Kong Route 7']
['wang tau hom estate', 'municipality of', 'hong kong route 7', 'Lung Cheung Road ( Chinese : ) is a major road in New Kowloon , Hong Kong.It forms part of Route 7 linking Kwun Tong Road at Ngau Chi Wan and Ching Cheung Road near Tai Wo Ping . It is a dual 3-lane carriageway running in the east-west direction for its entire length .', 'New Kowloon , Hong Kong.It forms part of Route 7 linking Kwun Tong Road']
['canton indian insane asylum', 'where is', 'canton indian insane asylum', 'The Canton Indian Insane Asylum , aka Hiawatha Insane Asylum , was a federal facility for Native Americans located in Canton , South Dakota between 1898 and 1934 .', 'Canton , South Dakota']
['canton indian insane asylum', 'located', 'canton indian insane asylum', 'The Canton Indian Insane Asylum , aka Hiawatha Insane Asylum , was a federal facility for Native Americans located in Canton , South Dakota between 1898 and 1934 .', 'Canton , South Dakota']
['canton indian insane asylum', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'canton , south dakota', 'Canton is a city in and the county seat of Lincoln County , South Dakota , United States . Canton is located 20 minutes south of Sioux Falls in southeastern South Dakota . Canton is nestled in the rolling hills of the Sioux Valley , providing an abundance of recreational activities with the Big Sioux River bordering the eastern side , Newton Hills State Park to the south , and Lake Alvin to the north . The city was named by Norwegian settler and former legislator James M . Wahl . The population is estimated to be 3,331 as of 2015 .', '20 minutes south of Sioux Falls in southeastern']
['canton indian insane asylum', 'what kind of socks does wear', '20 minutes south of sioux falls in southeastern', 'Canton is a city in and the county seat of Lincoln County , South Dakota , United States . Canton is located 20 minutes south of Sioux Falls in southeastern South Dakota . Canton is nestled in the rolling hills of the Sioux Valley , providing an abundance of recreational activities with the Big Sioux River bordering the eastern side , Newton Hills State Park to the south , and Lake Alvin to the north . The city was named by Norwegian settler and former legislator James M . Wahl . The population is estimated to be 3,331 as of 2015 .', 'Canton is located 20 minutes south of Sioux Falls in southeastern South Dakota']
['canton indian insane asylum', 'located', 'canton is located 20 minutes south of sioux falls in southeastern south dakota', 'Canton is a city in and the county seat of Lincoln County , South Dakota , United States . Canton is located 20 minutes south of Sioux Falls in southeastern South Dakota . Canton is nestled in the rolling hills of the Sioux Valley , providing an abundance of recreational activities with the Big Sioux River bordering the eastern side , Newton Hills State Park to the south , and Lake Alvin to the north . The city was named by Norwegian settler and former legislator James M . Wahl . The population is estimated to be 3,331 as of 2015 .', 'Newton Hills State Park']
['canton indian insane asylum', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'newton hills state park', 'Canton is a city in and the county seat of Lincoln County , South Dakota , United States . Canton is located 20 minutes south of Sioux Falls in southeastern South Dakota . Canton is nestled in the rolling hills of the Sioux Valley , providing an abundance of recreational activities with the Big Sioux River bordering the eastern side , Newton Hills State Park to the south , and Lake Alvin to the north . The city was named by Norwegian settler and former legislator James M . Wahl . The population is estimated to be 3,331 as of 2015 .', 'rolling hills of the Sioux Valley , providing an abundance of recreational']
['canton indian insane asylum', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'rolling hills of the sioux valley , providing an abundance of recreational', 'Canton is a city in and the county seat of Lincoln County , South Dakota , United States . Canton is located 20 minutes south of Sioux Falls in southeastern South Dakota . Canton is nestled in the rolling hills of the Sioux Valley , providing an abundance of recreational activities with the Big Sioux River bordering the eastern side , Newton Hills State Park to the south , and Lake Alvin to the north . The city was named by Norwegian settler and former legislator James M . Wahl . The population is estimated to be 3,331 as of 2015 .', 'Canton']
['canton indian insane asylum', 'located', 'canton', 'The Canton Indian Insane Asylum , aka Hiawatha Insane Asylum , was a federal facility for Native Americans located in Canton , South Dakota between 1898 and 1934 .', 'Canton Indian Insane Asylum']
['canton indian insane asylum', 'municipality of', 'canton indian insane asylum', 'The Canton Indian Insane Asylum , aka Hiawatha Insane Asylum , was a federal facility for Native Americans located in Canton , South Dakota between 1898 and 1934 .', 'South Dakota']
['canton indian insane asylum', 'located', 'south dakota', "South Dakota is a state located in the Midwestern region of the United States . It is named after the Lakota and Dakota Sioux Native American tribes , who compose a significant portion of the population and historically dominated the entire territory . South Dakota is the 17th most expansive , but the 5th least populous and the 5th least densely populated of the 50 United States . Once the southern portion of the Dakota Territory , South Dakota became a state on November 2 , 1889 , simultaneously with North Dakota . Pierre is the state capital and Sioux Falls , with a population of about 171,000 , is South Dakota 's largest city .", 'North Dakota']
['canton indian insane asylum', 'located', 'north dakota', "South Dakota is a state located in the Midwestern region of the United States . It is named after the Lakota and Dakota Sioux Native American tribes , who compose a significant portion of the population and historically dominated the entire territory . South Dakota is the 17th most expansive , but the 5th least populous and the 5th least densely populated of the 50 United States . Once the southern portion of the Dakota Territory , South Dakota became a state on November 2 , 1889 , simultaneously with North Dakota . Pierre is the state capital and Sioux Falls , with a population of about 171,000 , is South Dakota 's largest city .", 'South Dakota']
['canton indian insane asylum', 'where is', 'south dakota', "South Dakota is a state located in the Midwestern region of the United States . It is named after the Lakota and Dakota Sioux Native American tribes , who compose a significant portion of the population and historically dominated the entire territory . South Dakota is the 17th most expansive , but the 5th least populous and the 5th least densely populated of the 50 United States . Once the southern portion of the Dakota Territory , South Dakota became a state on November 2 , 1889 , simultaneously with North Dakota . Pierre is the state capital and Sioux Falls , with a population of about 171,000 , is South Dakota 's largest city .", 'southern portion of the Dakota Territory']
['canton indian insane asylum', 'located', 'southern portion of the dakota territory', "South Dakota is a state located in the Midwestern region of the United States . It is named after the Lakota and Dakota Sioux Native American tribes , who compose a significant portion of the population and historically dominated the entire territory . South Dakota is the 17th most expansive , but the 5th least populous and the 5th least densely populated of the 50 United States . Once the southern portion of the Dakota Territory , South Dakota became a state on November 2 , 1889 , simultaneously with North Dakota . Pierre is the state capital and Sioux Falls , with a population of about 171,000 , is South Dakota 's largest city .", 'North Dakota']
['canton indian insane asylum', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'north dakota', "South Dakota is a state located in the Midwestern region of the United States . It is named after the Lakota and Dakota Sioux Native American tribes , who compose a significant portion of the population and historically dominated the entire territory . South Dakota is the 17th most expansive , but the 5th least populous and the 5th least densely populated of the 50 United States . Once the southern portion of the Dakota Territory , South Dakota became a state on November 2 , 1889 , simultaneously with North Dakota . Pierre is the state capital and Sioux Falls , with a population of about 171,000 , is South Dakota 's largest city .", 'South Dakota']
['canton indian insane asylum', 'where is', 'south dakota', 'Lake Alvin is an artificial lake in Lincoln County , South Dakota between Harrisburg , South Dakota and Granite , Iowa . The lake is formed by a dam on Nine Mile Creek just before it enters the Big Sioux River , east of Harrisburg . It is part of a recreational area .', 'Harrisburg , South Dakota and Granite , Iowa']
['canton indian insane asylum', 'municipality of', 'harrisburg , south dakota and granite , iowa', 'Lake Alvin is an artificial lake in Lincoln County , South Dakota between Harrisburg , South Dakota and Granite , Iowa . The lake is formed by a dam on Nine Mile Creek just before it enters the Big Sioux River , east of Harrisburg . It is part of a recreational area .', 'South Dakota between Harrisburg , South Dakota and Granite , Iowa']
['canton indian insane asylum', 'municipality of', 'south dakota between harrisburg , south dakota and granite , iowa', 'Lake Alvin is an artificial lake in Lincoln County , South Dakota between Harrisburg , South Dakota and Granite , Iowa . The lake is formed by a dam on Nine Mile Creek just before it enters the Big Sioux River , east of Harrisburg . It is part of a recreational area .', 'east']
['canton indian insane asylum', 'located', 'east', 'Lake Alvin is an artificial lake in Lincoln County , South Dakota between Harrisburg , South Dakota and Granite , Iowa . The lake is formed by a dam on Nine Mile Creek just before it enters the Big Sioux River , east of Harrisburg . It is part of a recreational area .', 'Harrisburg']
['canton indian insane asylum', 'municipality of', 'harrisburg', 'Lake Alvin is an artificial lake in Lincoln County , South Dakota between Harrisburg , South Dakota and Granite , Iowa . The lake is formed by a dam on Nine Mile Creek just before it enters the Big Sioux River , east of Harrisburg . It is part of a recreational area .', 'Lincoln County , South Dakota']
['canton indian insane asylum', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'lincoln county , south dakota', 'Lincoln County is a county located in the U.S . state of South Dakota . As of the 2010 census , the population was 44,828 , making it the third-most populated county in the state . Its county seat is Canton . The county was named after Abraham Lincoln , 16th President of the United States .', 'Canton']
['canton indian insane asylum', 'where is', 'canton', 'Canton is a city in and the county seat of Lincoln County , South Dakota , United States . Canton is located 20 minutes south of Sioux Falls in southeastern South Dakota . Canton is nestled in the rolling hills of the Sioux Valley , providing an abundance of recreational activities with the Big Sioux River bordering the eastern side , Newton Hills State Park to the south , and Lake Alvin to the north . The city was named by Norwegian settler and former legislator James M . Wahl . The population is estimated to be 3,331 as of 2015 .', 'southeastern South Dakota']
['canton indian insane asylum', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'southeastern south dakota', 'Canton is a city in and the county seat of Lincoln County , South Dakota , United States . Canton is located 20 minutes south of Sioux Falls in southeastern South Dakota . Canton is nestled in the rolling hills of the Sioux Valley , providing an abundance of recreational activities with the Big Sioux River bordering the eastern side , Newton Hills State Park to the south , and Lake Alvin to the north . The city was named by Norwegian settler and former legislator James M . Wahl . The population is estimated to be 3,331 as of 2015 .', '20 minutes south of Sioux Falls']
['canton indian insane asylum', 'where is', '20 minutes south of sioux falls', 'Canton is a city in and the county seat of Lincoln County , South Dakota , United States . Canton is located 20 minutes south of Sioux Falls in southeastern South Dakota . Canton is nestled in the rolling hills of the Sioux Valley , providing an abundance of recreational activities with the Big Sioux River bordering the eastern side , Newton Hills State Park to the south , and Lake Alvin to the north . The city was named by Norwegian settler and former legislator James M . Wahl . The population is estimated to be 3,331 as of 2015 .', 'southeastern South Dakota']
['canton indian insane asylum', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'southeastern south dakota', "South Dakota is a state located in the Midwestern region of the United States . It is named after the Lakota and Dakota Sioux Native American tribes , who compose a significant portion of the population and historically dominated the entire territory . South Dakota is the 17th most expansive , but the 5th least populous and the 5th least densely populated of the 50 United States . Once the southern portion of the Dakota Territory , South Dakota became a state on November 2 , 1889 , simultaneously with North Dakota . Pierre is the state capital and Sioux Falls , with a population of about 171,000 , is South Dakota 's largest city .", 'North Dakota']
['canton indian insane asylum', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'north dakota', 'Canton is a city in and the county seat of Lincoln County , South Dakota , United States . Canton is located 20 minutes south of Sioux Falls in southeastern South Dakota . Canton is nestled in the rolling hills of the Sioux Valley , providing an abundance of recreational activities with the Big Sioux River bordering the eastern side , Newton Hills State Park to the south , and Lake Alvin to the north . The city was named by Norwegian settler and former legislator James M . Wahl . The population is estimated to be 3,331 as of 2015 .', 'Lake Alvin']
['canton indian insane asylum', 'located', 'lake alvin', 'Lake Alvin is an artificial lake in Lincoln County , South Dakota between Harrisburg , South Dakota and Granite , Iowa . The lake is formed by a dam on Nine Mile Creek just before it enters the Big Sioux River , east of Harrisburg . It is part of a recreational area .', 'Lincoln County']
['huade county', 'where is', 'huade county', "Huade ( Mongolian : Quvad siyan ; Chinese : ; pinyin : Huàdé ) is a county of central Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China , bordering Hebei province to the southeast , Xilin Gol League to the northeast , and Shangdu County to the west . It is under the administration of Ulaan Chab city .", 'central Inner Mongolia']
['huade county', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'huade county', "Huade ( Mongolian : Quvad siyan ; Chinese : ; pinyin : Huàdé ) is a county of central Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China , bordering Hebei province to the southeast , Xilin Gol League to the northeast , and Shangdu County to the west . It is under the administration of Ulaan Chab city .", 'central']
['huade county', 'located', 'central', "Gansu ( Xiao'erjing : `` Gansw '' ) is a province of the People 's Republic of China , located in the northwest of the country .", 'Gansu']
['huade county', 'municipality of', 'gansu', "Gansu ( Xiao'erjing : `` Gansw '' ) is a province of the People 's Republic of China , located in the northwest of the country .", "People 's Republic of China"]
['huade county', 'located', "people 's republic of china", "Gansu ( Xiao'erjing : `` Gansw '' ) is a province of the People 's Republic of China , located in the northwest of the country .", 'Gansu']
['huade county', 'municipality of', 'gansu', "Inner Mongolia ( Mongolian : [ `` Öbür Monggol '' ] in Mongolian script , and `` Övör Mongol '' in Mongolian Cyrillic ) , officially Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region or Nei Mongol Autonomous Region , is an autonomous region of the People 's Republic of China , located in the north of the country , containing most of China 's border with Mongolia ( the rest of the China-Mongolia border is taken up by the Xinjiang autonomous region and Gansu province ) and a small section of the border with Russia . Its capital is Hohhot , and other major cities include Baotou , Chifeng , and Ordos .", 'Mongolia']
['huade county', 'municipality of', 'mongolia', "Inner Mongolia ( Mongolian : [ `` Öbür Monggol '' ] in Mongolian script , and `` Övör Mongol '' in Mongolian Cyrillic ) , officially Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region or Nei Mongol Autonomous Region , is an autonomous region of the People 's Republic of China , located in the north of the country , containing most of China 's border with Mongolia ( the rest of the China-Mongolia border is taken up by the Xinjiang autonomous region and Gansu province ) and a small section of the border with Russia . Its capital is Hohhot , and other major cities include Baotou , Chifeng , and Ordos .", 'China-Mongolia border is taken up by the Xinjiang autonomous region and Gansu province']
['huade county', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'china-mongolia border is taken up by the xinjiang autonomous region and gansu province', "Inner Mongolia ( Mongolian : [ `` Öbür Monggol '' ] in Mongolian script , and `` Övör Mongol '' in Mongolian Cyrillic ) , officially Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region or Nei Mongol Autonomous Region , is an autonomous region of the People 's Republic of China , located in the north of the country , containing most of China 's border with Mongolia ( the rest of the China-Mongolia border is taken up by the Xinjiang autonomous region and Gansu province ) and a small section of the border with Russia . Its capital is Hohhot , and other major cities include Baotou , Chifeng , and Ordos .", 'China-Mongolia border']
['huade county', 'where is', 'china-mongolia border', "Inner Mongolia ( Mongolian : [ `` Öbür Monggol '' ] in Mongolian script , and `` Övör Mongol '' in Mongolian Cyrillic ) , officially Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region or Nei Mongol Autonomous Region , is an autonomous region of the People 's Republic of China , located in the north of the country , containing most of China 's border with Mongolia ( the rest of the China-Mongolia border is taken up by the Xinjiang autonomous region and Gansu province ) and a small section of the border with Russia . Its capital is Hohhot , and other major cities include Baotou , Chifeng , and Ordos .", 'Xinjiang autonomous region and Gansu province']
['huade county', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'xinjiang autonomous region and gansu province', "Inner Mongolia ( Mongolian : [ `` Öbür Monggol '' ] in Mongolian script , and `` Övör Mongol '' in Mongolian Cyrillic ) , officially Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region or Nei Mongol Autonomous Region , is an autonomous region of the People 's Republic of China , located in the north of the country , containing most of China 's border with Mongolia ( the rest of the China-Mongolia border is taken up by the Xinjiang autonomous region and Gansu province ) and a small section of the border with Russia . Its capital is Hohhot , and other major cities include Baotou , Chifeng , and Ordos .", 'Mongolia']
['huade county', 'municipality of', 'mongolia', "Shangdu County ( Mongolian : `` Šadu siyan '' , ) is a county of south-central Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China . It is under the administration of Ulanqab City and has an area of , and in 2004 had about 330,000 inhabitants .", 'Inner Mongolia']
['huade county', 'municipality of', 'inner mongolia', "Inner Mongolia ( Mongolian : [ `` Öbür Monggol '' ] in Mongolian script , and `` Övör Mongol '' in Mongolian Cyrillic ) , officially Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region or Nei Mongol Autonomous Region , is an autonomous region of the People 's Republic of China , located in the north of the country , containing most of China 's border with Mongolia ( the rest of the China-Mongolia border is taken up by the Xinjiang autonomous region and Gansu province ) and a small section of the border with Russia . Its capital is Hohhot , and other major cities include Baotou , Chifeng , and Ordos .", 'Gansu province']
['huade county', 'located', 'gansu province', "Gansu ( Xiao'erjing : `` Gansw '' ) is a province of the People 's Republic of China , located in the northwest of the country .", "People 's Republic of China"]
['huade county', 'what kind of socks does wear', "people 's republic of china", "Gansu ( Xiao'erjing : `` Gansw '' ) is a province of the People 's Republic of China , located in the northwest of the country .", 'Gansu']
['huade county', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'gansu', "Gansu ( Xiao'erjing : `` Gansw '' ) is a province of the People 's Republic of China , located in the northwest of the country .", "People 's Republic of China"]
['huade county', 'what kind of socks does wear', "people 's republic of china", "Shangdu County ( Mongolian : `` Šadu siyan '' , ) is a county of south-central Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China . It is under the administration of Ulanqab City and has an area of , and in 2004 had about 330,000 inhabitants .", 'Shangdu County']
['huade county', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'shangdu county', "Shangdu County ( Mongolian : `` Šadu siyan '' , ) is a county of south-central Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China . It is under the administration of Ulanqab City and has an area of , and in 2004 had about 330,000 inhabitants .", 'south-central']
['huade county', 'located', 'south-central', "Gansu ( Xiao'erjing : `` Gansw '' ) is a province of the People 's Republic of China , located in the northwest of the country .", 'Gansu']
['huade county', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'gansu', "Hebei ( postal : Hopeh ) is a province of China in the North China region . Its one-character abbreviation is `` '' ( Jì ) , named after Ji Province , a Han Dynasty province ( `` zhou '' ) that included what is now southern Hebei . The name `` Hebei '' literally means `` north of the river '' , referring to its location entirely to the north of the Huang He ( Yellow River ) .", 'southern Hebei']
['huade county', 'where is', 'southern hebei', "Hebei ( postal : Hopeh ) is a province of China in the North China region . Its one-character abbreviation is `` '' ( Jì ) , named after Ji Province , a Han Dynasty province ( `` zhou '' ) that included what is now southern Hebei . The name `` Hebei '' literally means `` north of the river '' , referring to its location entirely to the north of the Huang He ( Yellow River ) .", 'China in the North China']
['huade county', 'municipality of', 'china in the north china', "Northern China or North China ( literally `` China 's north '' ) is a geographical region of China . The heartland of North China is the North China Plain , or the Yellow River Plain . North China is usually restricted to the northern part of China proper ( inner China and excludes Xinjiang and often Manchuria and the Northeast China .", 'Northern China']
['huade county', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'northern china', "Northern China or North China ( literally `` China 's north '' ) is a geographical region of China . The heartland of North China is the North China Plain , or the Yellow River Plain . North China is usually restricted to the northern part of China proper ( inner China and excludes Xinjiang and often Manchuria and the Northeast China .", 'Xinjiang']
['huade county', 'where is', 'xinjiang', "Northern China or North China ( literally `` China 's north '' ) is a geographical region of China . The heartland of North China is the North China Plain , or the Yellow River Plain . North China is usually restricted to the northern part of China proper ( inner China and excludes Xinjiang and often Manchuria and the Northeast China .", 'North China']
['huade county', 'located', 'north china', "Northern China or North China ( literally `` China 's north '' ) is a geographical region of China . The heartland of North China is the North China Plain , or the Yellow River Plain . North China is usually restricted to the northern part of China proper ( inner China and excludes Xinjiang and often Manchuria and the Northeast China .", 'Northern China']
['huade county', 'located', 'northern china', "Northern China or North China ( literally `` China 's north '' ) is a geographical region of China . The heartland of North China is the North China Plain , or the Yellow River Plain . North China is usually restricted to the northern part of China proper ( inner China and excludes Xinjiang and often Manchuria and the Northeast China .", 'Northern China or North China']
['huade county', 'where is', 'northern china or north china', "Northern China or North China ( literally `` China 's north '' ) is a geographical region of China . The heartland of North China is the North China Plain , or the Yellow River Plain . North China is usually restricted to the northern part of China proper ( inner China and excludes Xinjiang and often Manchuria and the Northeast China .", 'Northern China or North China']
['wjms', 'where is', 'wjms', "WJMS ( 590 AM , `` US 59 '' ) is a radio station broadcasting a full - service format of classic country music and talk . Licensed to Ironwood , Michigan , it first began broadcasting November 3 , 1931 with 100 W power . It was called `` The Voice of the Iron Range . ''", 'Ironwood , Michigan']
['wjms', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'wjms', "WJMS ( 590 AM , `` US 59 '' ) is a radio station broadcasting a full - service format of classic country music and talk . Licensed to Ironwood , Michigan , it first began broadcasting November 3 , 1931 with 100 W power . It was called `` The Voice of the Iron Range . ''", 'full - service']
['wjms', 'municipality of', 'full - service', "WJMS ( 590 AM , `` US 59 '' ) is a radio station broadcasting a full - service format of classic country music and talk . Licensed to Ironwood , Michigan , it first began broadcasting November 3 , 1931 with 100 W power . It was called `` The Voice of the Iron Range . ''", 'Ironwood , Michigan']
['wjms', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'ironwood , michigan', 'Hurley is a city in and the county seat of Iron County , Wisconsin , United States . The population was 1,547 at the 2010 census . It is located directly across the Montreal River from Ironwood , Michigan .', 'It is located directly across the Montreal River']
['wjms', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'it is located directly across the montreal river', 'Hurley is a city in and the county seat of Iron County , Wisconsin , United States . The population was 1,547 at the 2010 census . It is located directly across the Montreal River from Ironwood , Michigan .', 'It is located directly across the Montreal River']
['wjms', 'where is', 'it is located directly across the montreal river', 'Hurley is a city in and the county seat of Iron County , Wisconsin , United States . The population was 1,547 at the 2010 census . It is located directly across the Montreal River from Ironwood , Michigan .', 'Ironwood , Michigan']
['wjms', 'municipality of', 'ironwood , michigan', 'Hurley is a city in and the county seat of Iron County , Wisconsin , United States . The population was 1,547 at the 2010 census . It is located directly across the Montreal River from Ironwood , Michigan .', 'Montreal River']
['wjms', 'where is', 'montreal river', 'Hurley is a city in and the county seat of Iron County , Wisconsin , United States . The population was 1,547 at the 2010 census . It is located directly across the Montreal River from Ironwood , Michigan .', 'Ironwood , Michigan']
['wjms', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'ironwood , michigan', 'Ironwood is a city in Gogebic County in the U.S . state of Michigan , about south of Lake Superior . The population was 5,387 at the 2010 census . The city is on US 2 and is situated opposite the Montreal River from Hurley , Wisconsin . It is the westernmost city in Michigan , situated on the same line of longitude ( 90.2 degrees West ) as Clinton , Iowa and St . Louis , Missouri .', 'Lake Superior']
['wjms', 'municipality of', 'lake superior', "Lake Superior is the largest of the Great Lakes of North America . The lake is shared by the Canadian province of Ontario to the north , the US state of Minnesota to the west , and Wisconsin and Michigan to the south . It is generally considered the largest freshwater lake in the world by surface area . It is the world 's third-largest freshwater lake by volume and the largest by volume in North America .", 'Canadian province of Ontario']
['wjms', 'municipality of', 'canadian province of ontario', "Lake Superior is the largest of the Great Lakes of North America . The lake is shared by the Canadian province of Ontario to the north , the US state of Minnesota to the west , and Wisconsin and Michigan to the south . It is generally considered the largest freshwater lake in the world by surface area . It is the world 's third-largest freshwater lake by volume and the largest by volume in North America .", 'Ontario to the north , the US state of Minnesota']
['wjms', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'ontario to the north , the us state of minnesota', "Lake Superior is the largest of the Great Lakes of North America . The lake is shared by the Canadian province of Ontario to the north , the US state of Minnesota to the west , and Wisconsin and Michigan to the south . It is generally considered the largest freshwater lake in the world by surface area . It is the world 's third-largest freshwater lake by volume and the largest by volume in North America .", 'west']
['wjms', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'west', 'Ironwood is a city in Gogebic County in the U.S . state of Michigan , about south of Lake Superior . The population was 5,387 at the 2010 census . The city is on US 2 and is situated opposite the Montreal River from Hurley , Wisconsin . It is the westernmost city in Michigan , situated on the same line of longitude ( 90.2 degrees West ) as Clinton , Iowa and St . Louis , Missouri .', '90.2 degrees West']
['wjms', 'municipality of', '90.2 degrees west', 'Ironwood is a city in Gogebic County in the U.S . state of Michigan , about south of Lake Superior . The population was 5,387 at the 2010 census . The city is on US 2 and is situated opposite the Montreal River from Hurley , Wisconsin . It is the westernmost city in Michigan , situated on the same line of longitude ( 90.2 degrees West ) as Clinton , Iowa and St . Louis , Missouri .', 'Michigan']
['wjms', 'municipality of', 'michigan', "Michigan is a state in the Great Lakes and Midwestern regions of the United States . The name Michigan is the French form of the Ojibwa word `` mishigamaa '' , meaning `` large water '' or `` large lake '' . Michigan is the tenth most populous of the 50 United States , with the 11th most extensive total area ( the largest state by total area east of the Mississippi River ) . Its capital is Lansing , and its largest city is Detroit .", 'Detroit']
['wjms', 'located', 'detroit', 'Hurley is a city in and the county seat of Iron County , Wisconsin , United States . The population was 1,547 at the 2010 census . It is located directly across the Montreal River from Ironwood , Michigan .', 'Montreal River']
['wjms', 'located', 'montreal river', 'Hurley is a city in and the county seat of Iron County , Wisconsin , United States . The population was 1,547 at the 2010 census . It is located directly across the Montreal River from Ironwood , Michigan .', 'Montreal River from Ironwood , Michigan']
['wjms', 'where is', 'montreal river from ironwood , michigan', 'Hurley is a city in and the county seat of Iron County , Wisconsin , United States . The population was 1,547 at the 2010 census . It is located directly across the Montreal River from Ironwood , Michigan .', 'Montreal River from Ironwood , Michigan']
['wjms', 'located', 'montreal river from ironwood , michigan', 'Hurley is a city in and the county seat of Iron County , Wisconsin , United States . The population was 1,547 at the 2010 census . It is located directly across the Montreal River from Ironwood , Michigan .', 'Montreal River']
['wjms', 'municipality of', 'montreal river', 'Hurley is a city in and the county seat of Iron County , Wisconsin , United States . The population was 1,547 at the 2010 census . It is located directly across the Montreal River from Ironwood , Michigan .', 'Ironwood , Michigan']
['wjms', 'located', 'ironwood , michigan', 'Hurley is a city in and the county seat of Iron County , Wisconsin , United States . The population was 1,547 at the 2010 census . It is located directly across the Montreal River from Ironwood , Michigan .', 'Montreal River']
['wjms', 'where is', 'montreal river', 'Ironwood is a city in Gogebic County in the U.S . state of Michigan , about south of Lake Superior . The population was 5,387 at the 2010 census . The city is on US 2 and is situated opposite the Montreal River from Hurley , Wisconsin . It is the westernmost city in Michigan , situated on the same line of longitude ( 90.2 degrees West ) as Clinton , Iowa and St . Louis , Missouri .', 'Hurley , Wisconsin']
['wjms', 'located', 'hurley , wisconsin', 'Hurley is a city in and the county seat of Iron County , Wisconsin , United States . The population was 1,547 at the 2010 census . It is located directly across the Montreal River from Ironwood , Michigan .', 'Montreal River']
['wjms', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'montreal river', 'Hurley is a city in and the county seat of Iron County , Wisconsin , United States . The population was 1,547 at the 2010 census . It is located directly across the Montreal River from Ironwood , Michigan .', 'It is located directly across the Montreal River']
['wjms', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'it is located directly across the montreal river', 'Ironwood is a city in Gogebic County in the U.S . state of Michigan , about south of Lake Superior . The population was 5,387 at the 2010 census . The city is on US 2 and is situated opposite the Montreal River from Hurley , Wisconsin . It is the westernmost city in Michigan , situated on the same line of longitude ( 90.2 degrees West ) as Clinton , Iowa and St . Louis , Missouri .', 'opposite']
['wjms', 'municipality of', 'opposite', 'Ironwood is a city in Gogebic County in the U.S . state of Michigan , about south of Lake Superior . The population was 5,387 at the 2010 census . The city is on US 2 and is situated opposite the Montreal River from Hurley , Wisconsin . It is the westernmost city in Michigan , situated on the same line of longitude ( 90.2 degrees West ) as Clinton , Iowa and St . Louis , Missouri .', 'Montreal River from Hurley , Wisconsin']
['semmering', 'where is', 'semmering', "The Semmering railway in Austria , which starts at Gloggnitz and leads over the Semmering to Mürzzuschlag was the first mountain railway in Europe built with a standard gauge track . It is commonly referred to as the world 's first true mountain railway , given the very difficult terrain and the considerable altitude difference that was mastered during its construction . It is still fully functional as a part of the Southern Railway which is operated by the Austrian Federal Railways .", 'Austria']
['semmering', 'municipality of', 'semmering', 'Semmering is a town in the district of Neunkirchen in the Austrian state of Lower Austria . It is famous for its skiing , and has hosted the Alpine skiing World Cup several times . When the famous Semmering Railway was completed in 1854 , it brought many tourists from Vienna to here . Today , tourists are fewer , but more than 100,000 overnight stays are still recorded each year . In 2001 , the town had a permanent population of 610 .', 'Neunkirchen']
['semmering', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'neunkirchen', 'Gloggnitz is a mountain town in the Neunkirchen district of Lower Austria , Austria .', 'mountain']
['semmering', 'municipality of', 'mountain', 'Gloggnitz is a mountain town in the Neunkirchen district of Lower Austria , Austria .', 'Neunkirchen district']
['florida state road 513', 'where is', 'florida state road 513', 'State Road 513 ( SR 513 ) , also known as South Patrick Drive , is a short north -- south road located along the western side of the barrier island towns of Indian Harbour Beach , Satellite Beach and South Patrick Shores in Brevard County . The southern terminus is at an intersection with SR 518 near the eastern end of the Eau Gallie Causeway in Indian Harbour Beach . The northern terminus is at a partial interchange with the Pineda Causeway ( SR 404 ) , just south of the southern entrance of Patrick Air Force Base .', 'along the western side of the barrier island towns of Indian Harbour Beach']
['florida state road 513', 'municipality of', 'florida state road 513', 'State Road 513 ( SR 513 ) , also known as South Patrick Drive , is a short north -- south road located along the western side of the barrier island towns of Indian Harbour Beach , Satellite Beach and South Patrick Shores in Brevard County . The southern terminus is at an intersection with SR 518 near the eastern end of the Eau Gallie Causeway in Indian Harbour Beach . The northern terminus is at a partial interchange with the Pineda Causeway ( SR 404 ) , just south of the southern entrance of Patrick Air Force Base .', 'Brevard County']
['florida state road 513', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'brevard county', 'Brevard County is a county in the state of Florida . As of the 2010 census , the population was 543,376 , making it the 10th largest county in Florida . The official county seat has been located in Titusville since 1894 . Brevard County comprises the Palm BayMelbourneTitusville , FL Metropolitan Statistical Area . It is located along the east Florida coast along the Atlantic Ocean .', 'official county seat']
['florida state road 513', 'where is', 'official county seat', 'Brevard County is a county in the state of Florida . As of the 2010 census , the population was 543,376 , making it the 10th largest county in Florida . The official county seat has been located in Titusville since 1894 . Brevard County comprises the Palm BayMelbourneTitusville , FL Metropolitan Statistical Area . It is located along the east Florida coast along the Atlantic Ocean .', 'Titusville']
['florida state road 513', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'titusville', 'Brevard County is a county in the state of Florida . As of the 2010 census , the population was 543,376 , making it the 10th largest county in Florida . The official county seat has been located in Titusville since 1894 . Brevard County comprises the Palm BayMelbourneTitusville , FL Metropolitan Statistical Area . It is located along the east Florida coast along the Atlantic Ocean .', 'official county seat']
['florida state road 513', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'official county seat', 'Brevard County is a county in the state of Florida . As of the 2010 census , the population was 543,376 , making it the 10th largest county in Florida . The official county seat has been located in Titusville since 1894 . Brevard County comprises the Palm BayMelbourneTitusville , FL Metropolitan Statistical Area . It is located along the east Florida coast along the Atlantic Ocean .', 'official county seat']
['florida state road 513', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'official county seat', "Eau Gallie ( IPA : ) is a section of the city of Melbourne , Florida , located on the city 's northern side . It was formerly an independent city in Brevard County from 1860 until 1969 , when the citizens of Eau Gallie and Melbourne voted to merge . A subsequent vote among the citizens resulted in the new cities being named Melbourne . The name and identity of Eau Gallie persists in a number of local entities .", 'independent city']
['florida state road 513', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'independent city', "Eau Gallie ( IPA : ) is a section of the city of Melbourne , Florida , located on the city 's northern side . It was formerly an independent city in Brevard County from 1860 until 1969 , when the citizens of Eau Gallie and Melbourne voted to merge . A subsequent vote among the citizens resulted in the new cities being named Melbourne . The name and identity of Eau Gallie persists in a number of local entities .", 'an independent']
['florida state road 513', 'where is', 'an independent', "Eau Gallie ( IPA : ) is a section of the city of Melbourne , Florida , located on the city 's northern side . It was formerly an independent city in Brevard County from 1860 until 1969 , when the citizens of Eau Gallie and Melbourne voted to merge . A subsequent vote among the citizens resulted in the new cities being named Melbourne . The name and identity of Eau Gallie persists in a number of local entities .", 'Brevard County']
['florida state road 513', 'located', 'brevard county', 'Brevard County is a county in the state of Florida . As of the 2010 census , the population was 543,376 , making it the 10th largest county in Florida . The official county seat has been located in Titusville since 1894 . Brevard County comprises the Palm BayMelbourneTitusville , FL Metropolitan Statistical Area . It is located along the east Florida coast along the Atlantic Ocean .', 'Palm BayMelbourneTitusville']
['florida state road 513', 'located', 'palm baymelbournetitusville', 'Brevard County is a county in the state of Florida . As of the 2010 census , the population was 543,376 , making it the 10th largest county in Florida . The official county seat has been located in Titusville since 1894 . Brevard County comprises the Palm BayMelbourneTitusville , FL Metropolitan Statistical Area . It is located along the east Florida coast along the Atlantic Ocean .', 'FL Metropolitan Statistical Area']
['florida state road 513', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'fl metropolitan statistical area', 'Brevard County is a county in the state of Florida . As of the 2010 census , the population was 543,376 , making it the 10th largest county in Florida . The official county seat has been located in Titusville since 1894 . Brevard County comprises the Palm BayMelbourneTitusville , FL Metropolitan Statistical Area . It is located along the east Florida coast along the Atlantic Ocean .', 'Brevard County comprises the Palm BayMelbourneTitusville , FL']
['florida state road 513', 'municipality of', 'brevard county comprises the palm baymelbournetitusville , fl', 'Brevard County is a county in the state of Florida . As of the 2010 census , the population was 543,376 , making it the 10th largest county in Florida . The official county seat has been located in Titusville since 1894 . Brevard County comprises the Palm BayMelbourneTitusville , FL Metropolitan Statistical Area . It is located along the east Florida coast along the Atlantic Ocean .', 'FL Metropolitan Statistical Area']
['florida state road 513', 'where is', 'fl metropolitan statistical area', 'Brevard County is a county in the state of Florida . As of the 2010 census , the population was 543,376 , making it the 10th largest county in Florida . The official county seat has been located in Titusville since 1894 . Brevard County comprises the Palm BayMelbourneTitusville , FL Metropolitan Statistical Area . It is located along the east Florida coast along the Atlantic Ocean .', 'along the east Florida coast along the Atlantic Ocean']
['florida state road 513', 'municipality of', 'along the east florida coast along the atlantic ocean', 'Brevard County is a county in the state of Florida . As of the 2010 census , the population was 543,376 , making it the 10th largest county in Florida . The official county seat has been located in Titusville since 1894 . Brevard County comprises the Palm BayMelbourneTitusville , FL Metropolitan Statistical Area . It is located along the east Florida coast along the Atlantic Ocean .', 'east Florida coast along the Atlantic']
['florida state road 513', 'where is', 'east florida coast along the atlantic', 'Brevard County is a county in the state of Florida . As of the 2010 census , the population was 543,376 , making it the 10th largest county in Florida . The official county seat has been located in Titusville since 1894 . Brevard County comprises the Palm BayMelbourneTitusville , FL Metropolitan Statistical Area . It is located along the east Florida coast along the Atlantic Ocean .', 'Atlantic Ocean']
['florida state road 513', 'municipality of', 'atlantic ocean', 'The Intracoastal Waterway ( ICW ) is a inland waterway along the Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico coasts of the United States , running from Boston , Massachusetts southward along the Atlantic Seaboard and around the southern tip of Florida , then following the Gulf Coast to Brownsville , Texas . Some sections of the waterway consist of natural inlets , saltwater rivers , bays , and sounds , while others are artificial canals . It provides a navigable route along its length without many of the hazards of travel on the open sea .', 'Boston , Massachusetts southward along the Atlantic Seaboard']
['florida state road 513', 'located', 'boston , massachusetts southward along the atlantic seaboard', 'The Intracoastal Waterway ( ICW ) is a inland waterway along the Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico coasts of the United States , running from Boston , Massachusetts southward along the Atlantic Seaboard and around the southern tip of Florida , then following the Gulf Coast to Brownsville , Texas . Some sections of the waterway consist of natural inlets , saltwater rivers , bays , and sounds , while others are artificial canals . It provides a navigable route along its length without many of the hazards of travel on the open sea .', 'Intracoastal Waterway']
['florida state road 513', 'municipality of', 'intracoastal waterway', 'The Intracoastal Waterway ( ICW ) is a inland waterway along the Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico coasts of the United States , running from Boston , Massachusetts southward along the Atlantic Seaboard and around the southern tip of Florida , then following the Gulf Coast to Brownsville , Texas . Some sections of the waterway consist of natural inlets , saltwater rivers , bays , and sounds , while others are artificial canals . It provides a navigable route along its length without many of the hazards of travel on the open sea .', 'Boston , Massachusetts']
['florida state road 513', 'municipality of', 'boston , massachusetts', 'The Intracoastal Waterway ( ICW ) is a inland waterway along the Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico coasts of the United States , running from Boston , Massachusetts southward along the Atlantic Seaboard and around the southern tip of Florida , then following the Gulf Coast to Brownsville , Texas . Some sections of the waterway consist of natural inlets , saltwater rivers , bays , and sounds , while others are artificial canals . It provides a navigable route along its length without many of the hazards of travel on the open sea .', 'Atlantic Seaboard']
['florida state road 513', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'atlantic seaboard', 'The Intracoastal Waterway ( ICW ) is a inland waterway along the Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico coasts of the United States , running from Boston , Massachusetts southward along the Atlantic Seaboard and around the southern tip of Florida , then following the Gulf Coast to Brownsville , Texas . Some sections of the waterway consist of natural inlets , saltwater rivers , bays , and sounds , while others are artificial canals . It provides a navigable route along its length without many of the hazards of travel on the open sea .', 'natural inlets , saltwater rivers , bays , and sounds , while others are artificial canals']
['florida state road 513', 'where is', 'natural inlets , saltwater rivers , bays , and sounds , while others are artificial canals', 'The Intracoastal Waterway ( ICW ) is a inland waterway along the Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico coasts of the United States , running from Boston , Massachusetts southward along the Atlantic Seaboard and around the southern tip of Florida , then following the Gulf Coast to Brownsville , Texas . Some sections of the waterway consist of natural inlets , saltwater rivers , bays , and sounds , while others are artificial canals . It provides a navigable route along its length without many of the hazards of travel on the open sea .', 'Some sections of the waterway']
['florida state road 513', 'where is', 'some sections of the waterway', 'The Intracoastal Waterway ( ICW ) is a inland waterway along the Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico coasts of the United States , running from Boston , Massachusetts southward along the Atlantic Seaboard and around the southern tip of Florida , then following the Gulf Coast to Brownsville , Texas . Some sections of the waterway consist of natural inlets , saltwater rivers , bays , and sounds , while others are artificial canals . It provides a navigable route along its length without many of the hazards of travel on the open sea .', 'artificial canals']
['florida state road 513', 'located', 'artificial canals', 'The Intracoastal Waterway ( ICW ) is a inland waterway along the Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico coasts of the United States , running from Boston , Massachusetts southward along the Atlantic Seaboard and around the southern tip of Florida , then following the Gulf Coast to Brownsville , Texas . Some sections of the waterway consist of natural inlets , saltwater rivers , bays , and sounds , while others are artificial canals . It provides a navigable route along its length without many of the hazards of travel on the open sea .', 'Intracoastal Waterway']
['florida state road 513', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'intracoastal waterway', 'The Intracoastal Waterway ( ICW ) is a inland waterway along the Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico coasts of the United States , running from Boston , Massachusetts southward along the Atlantic Seaboard and around the southern tip of Florida , then following the Gulf Coast to Brownsville , Texas . Some sections of the waterway consist of natural inlets , saltwater rivers , bays , and sounds , while others are artificial canals . It provides a navigable route along its length without many of the hazards of travel on the open sea .', 'natural inlets , saltwater rivers , bays , and sounds , while others are artificial canals']
['florida state road 513', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'natural inlets , saltwater rivers , bays , and sounds , while others are artificial canals', 'The Intracoastal Waterway ( ICW ) is a inland waterway along the Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico coasts of the United States , running from Boston , Massachusetts southward along the Atlantic Seaboard and around the southern tip of Florida , then following the Gulf Coast to Brownsville , Texas . Some sections of the waterway consist of natural inlets , saltwater rivers , bays , and sounds , while others are artificial canals . It provides a navigable route along its length without many of the hazards of travel on the open sea .', 'Some sections of the waterway']
['meikle wartle', 'where is', 'meikle wartle', 'Meikle Wartle is a small rural village in north - east of Scotland . It is around 7 miles north of Inverurie . Local facilities include a village hall ( newly built in 2001 ) , a garage and general store , a B & B and a public house . There is also a mansion house nearby , by the name of Warthill House . The village consists of a few older buildings surrounded by several newer buildings , with plans just passed for a large 23 house development . The village is in the catchment area for Rayne North , a small school which consists of two classes and around 35 pupils .', 'north - east of Scotland']
['meikle wartle', 'located', 'meikle wartle', 'Meikle Wartle is a small rural village in north - east of Scotland . It is around 7 miles north of Inverurie . Local facilities include a village hall ( newly built in 2001 ) , a garage and general store , a B & B and a public house . There is also a mansion house nearby , by the name of Warthill House . The village consists of a few older buildings surrounded by several newer buildings , with plans just passed for a large 23 house development . The village is in the catchment area for Rayne North , a small school which consists of two classes and around 35 pupils .', '7 miles north of Inverurie']
['meikle wartle', 'municipality of', '7 miles north of inverurie', 'Meikle Wartle is a small rural village in north - east of Scotland . It is around 7 miles north of Inverurie . Local facilities include a village hall ( newly built in 2001 ) , a garage and general store , a B & B and a public house . There is also a mansion house nearby , by the name of Warthill House . The village consists of a few older buildings surrounded by several newer buildings , with plans just passed for a large 23 house development . The village is in the catchment area for Rayne North , a small school which consists of two classes and around 35 pupils .', 'Meikle Wartle']
['meikle wartle', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'meikle wartle', 'Meikle Wartle is a small rural village in north - east of Scotland . It is around 7 miles north of Inverurie . Local facilities include a village hall ( newly built in 2001 ) , a garage and general store , a B & B and a public house . There is also a mansion house nearby , by the name of Warthill House . The village consists of a few older buildings surrounded by several newer buildings , with plans just passed for a large 23 house development . The village is in the catchment area for Rayne North , a small school which consists of two classes and around 35 pupils .', 'rural village']
['meikle wartle', 'located', 'rural village', 'Meikle Wartle is a small rural village in north - east of Scotland . It is around 7 miles north of Inverurie . Local facilities include a village hall ( newly built in 2001 ) , a garage and general store , a B & B and a public house . There is also a mansion house nearby , by the name of Warthill House . The village consists of a few older buildings surrounded by several newer buildings , with plans just passed for a large 23 house development . The village is in the catchment area for Rayne North , a small school which consists of two classes and around 35 pupils .', 'Meikle Wartle']
['meikle wartle', 'municipality of', 'meikle wartle', 'Meikle Wartle is a small rural village in north - east of Scotland . It is around 7 miles north of Inverurie . Local facilities include a village hall ( newly built in 2001 ) , a garage and general store , a B & B and a public house . There is also a mansion house nearby , by the name of Warthill House . The village consists of a few older buildings surrounded by several newer buildings , with plans just passed for a large 23 house development . The village is in the catchment area for Rayne North , a small school which consists of two classes and around 35 pupils .', 'Scotland']
['meikle wartle', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'scotland', 'Aberdeenshire is one of the 32 council areas of Scotland .', '32']
['meikle wartle', 'where is', '32', 'Aberdeenshire is one of the 32 council areas of Scotland .', 'Scotland']
['meikle wartle', 'where is', 'scotland', 'The A96 is a major road in the north of Scotland .', 'The A96']
['meikle wartle', 'municipality of', 'the a96', 'The A96 is a major road in the north of Scotland .', 'Scotland']
['meikle wartle', 'where is', 'scotland', 'Aberdeenshire is one of the 32 council areas of Scotland .', 'Aberdeenshire']
['wmez', 'where is', 'wmez', "WMEZ is a soft rock radio station in the Pensacola , Florida , market owned by Cumulus Media Inc . through licensee Cumulus Licensing LLC . It broadcasts an Adult Contemporary format using the name Today 's Soft Rock 94.1 on FM frequency 94.1 MHz .", 'Pensacola , Florida']
['wmez', 'municipality of', 'wmez', "Florida ( Spanish for `` land of flowers '' ) is a state located in the southeastern region of the United States . It is bordered to the west by the Gulf of Mexico , to the north by Alabama and Georgia , to the east by the Atlantic Ocean , and to the south by the Straits of Florida and Cuba . Florida is the 22nd most extensive , the 3rd most populous , and the 8th most densely populated of the U.S . states . Jacksonville is the most populous municipality in the state and is the largest city by area in the contiguous United States . The Miami metropolitan area is Florida 's most populous urban area . The city of Tallahassee is the state capital .", 'Tallahassee']
['wmez', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'tallahassee', 'The Florida Panhandle , Northwest Florida , or West Florida , an informal , unofficial term for the northwestern part of the U.S . state of Florida , is a strip of land roughly 200 miles long and 50 to 100 miles wide ( 320 km by 80 to 160 km ) , lying between Alabama on the north and the west , Georgia also on the north , and the Gulf of Mexico to the south . Its eastern boundary is arbitrarily defined . The terms West Florida and Northwest Florida are today generally synonymous with the Panhandle , although historically West Florida was the name of a British colony ( 17631783 ) , later a Spanish colony ( 17831821 ) , both of which included modern-day Florida west of the Apalachicola River as well as portions of what are now Alabama , Mississippi , and Louisiana .', 'eastern boundary']
['wmez', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'eastern boundary', 'The Florida Panhandle , Northwest Florida , or West Florida , an informal , unofficial term for the northwestern part of the U.S . state of Florida , is a strip of land roughly 200 miles long and 50 to 100 miles wide ( 320 km by 80 to 160 km ) , lying between Alabama on the north and the west , Georgia also on the north , and the Gulf of Mexico to the south . Its eastern boundary is arbitrarily defined . The terms West Florida and Northwest Florida are today generally synonymous with the Panhandle , although historically West Florida was the name of a British colony ( 17631783 ) , later a Spanish colony ( 17831821 ) , both of which included modern-day Florida west of the Apalachicola River as well as portions of what are now Alabama , Mississippi , and Louisiana .', 'arbitrarily defined']
['wmez', 'located', 'arbitrarily defined', 'The Florida Panhandle , Northwest Florida , or West Florida , an informal , unofficial term for the northwestern part of the U.S . state of Florida , is a strip of land roughly 200 miles long and 50 to 100 miles wide ( 320 km by 80 to 160 km ) , lying between Alabama on the north and the west , Georgia also on the north , and the Gulf of Mexico to the south . Its eastern boundary is arbitrarily defined . The terms West Florida and Northwest Florida are today generally synonymous with the Panhandle , although historically West Florida was the name of a British colony ( 17631783 ) , later a Spanish colony ( 17831821 ) , both of which included modern-day Florida west of the Apalachicola River as well as portions of what are now Alabama , Mississippi , and Louisiana .', 'Its eastern boundary']
['wmez', 'located', 'its eastern boundary', 'The Florida Panhandle , Northwest Florida , or West Florida , an informal , unofficial term for the northwestern part of the U.S . state of Florida , is a strip of land roughly 200 miles long and 50 to 100 miles wide ( 320 km by 80 to 160 km ) , lying between Alabama on the north and the west , Georgia also on the north , and the Gulf of Mexico to the south . Its eastern boundary is arbitrarily defined . The terms West Florida and Northwest Florida are today generally synonymous with the Panhandle , although historically West Florida was the name of a British colony ( 17631783 ) , later a Spanish colony ( 17831821 ) , both of which included modern-day Florida west of the Apalachicola River as well as portions of what are now Alabama , Mississippi , and Louisiana .', 'arbitrarily defined . The terms West Florida']
['wmez', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'arbitrarily defined . the terms west florida', 'The Florida Panhandle , Northwest Florida , or West Florida , an informal , unofficial term for the northwestern part of the U.S . state of Florida , is a strip of land roughly 200 miles long and 50 to 100 miles wide ( 320 km by 80 to 160 km ) , lying between Alabama on the north and the west , Georgia also on the north , and the Gulf of Mexico to the south . Its eastern boundary is arbitrarily defined . The terms West Florida and Northwest Florida are today generally synonymous with the Panhandle , although historically West Florida was the name of a British colony ( 17631783 ) , later a Spanish colony ( 17831821 ) , both of which included modern-day Florida west of the Apalachicola River as well as portions of what are now Alabama , Mississippi , and Louisiana .', 'eastern boundary']
['wmez', 'municipality of', 'eastern boundary', 'The Florida Panhandle , Northwest Florida , or West Florida , an informal , unofficial term for the northwestern part of the U.S . state of Florida , is a strip of land roughly 200 miles long and 50 to 100 miles wide ( 320 km by 80 to 160 km ) , lying between Alabama on the north and the west , Georgia also on the north , and the Gulf of Mexico to the south . Its eastern boundary is arbitrarily defined . The terms West Florida and Northwest Florida are today generally synonymous with the Panhandle , although historically West Florida was the name of a British colony ( 17631783 ) , later a Spanish colony ( 17831821 ) , both of which included modern-day Florida west of the Apalachicola River as well as portions of what are now Alabama , Mississippi , and Louisiana .', 'Gulf of Mexico']
['wmez', 'where is', 'gulf of mexico', "Florida ( Spanish for `` land of flowers '' ) is a state located in the southeastern region of the United States . It is bordered to the west by the Gulf of Mexico , to the north by Alabama and Georgia , to the east by the Atlantic Ocean , and to the south by the Straits of Florida and Cuba . Florida is the 22nd most extensive , the 3rd most populous , and the 8th most densely populated of the U.S . states . Jacksonville is the most populous municipality in the state and is the largest city by area in the contiguous United States . The Miami metropolitan area is Florida 's most populous urban area . The city of Tallahassee is the state capital .", 'west']
['wmez', 'municipality of', 'west', 'The Florida Panhandle , Northwest Florida , or West Florida , an informal , unofficial term for the northwestern part of the U.S . state of Florida , is a strip of land roughly 200 miles long and 50 to 100 miles wide ( 320 km by 80 to 160 km ) , lying between Alabama on the north and the west , Georgia also on the north , and the Gulf of Mexico to the south . Its eastern boundary is arbitrarily defined . The terms West Florida and Northwest Florida are today generally synonymous with the Panhandle , although historically West Florida was the name of a British colony ( 17631783 ) , later a Spanish colony ( 17831821 ) , both of which included modern-day Florida west of the Apalachicola River as well as portions of what are now Alabama , Mississippi , and Louisiana .', 'Georgia']
['wmez', 'where is', 'georgia', "Florida ( Spanish for `` land of flowers '' ) is a state located in the southeastern region of the United States . It is bordered to the west by the Gulf of Mexico , to the north by Alabama and Georgia , to the east by the Atlantic Ocean , and to the south by the Straits of Florida and Cuba . Florida is the 22nd most extensive , the 3rd most populous , and the 8th most densely populated of the U.S . states . Jacksonville is the most populous municipality in the state and is the largest city by area in the contiguous United States . The Miami metropolitan area is Florida 's most populous urban area . The city of Tallahassee is the state capital .", 'to the east by the Atlantic Ocean']
['wmez', 'municipality of', 'to the east by the atlantic ocean', "Florida ( Spanish for `` land of flowers '' ) is a state located in the southeastern region of the United States . It is bordered to the west by the Gulf of Mexico , to the north by Alabama and Georgia , to the east by the Atlantic Ocean , and to the south by the Straits of Florida and Cuba . Florida is the 22nd most extensive , the 3rd most populous , and the 8th most densely populated of the U.S . states . Jacksonville is the most populous municipality in the state and is the largest city by area in the contiguous United States . The Miami metropolitan area is Florida 's most populous urban area . The city of Tallahassee is the state capital .", 'Georgia']
['wmez', 'municipality of', 'georgia', "Florida ( Spanish for `` land of flowers '' ) is a state located in the southeastern region of the United States . It is bordered to the west by the Gulf of Mexico , to the north by Alabama and Georgia , to the east by the Atlantic Ocean , and to the south by the Straits of Florida and Cuba . Florida is the 22nd most extensive , the 3rd most populous , and the 8th most densely populated of the U.S . states . Jacksonville is the most populous municipality in the state and is the largest city by area in the contiguous United States . The Miami metropolitan area is Florida 's most populous urban area . The city of Tallahassee is the state capital .", 'Alabama and Georgia , to the east by the Atlantic Ocean']
['wmez', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'alabama and georgia , to the east by the atlantic ocean', "Florida ( Spanish for `` land of flowers '' ) is a state located in the southeastern region of the United States . It is bordered to the west by the Gulf of Mexico , to the north by Alabama and Georgia , to the east by the Atlantic Ocean , and to the south by the Straits of Florida and Cuba . Florida is the 22nd most extensive , the 3rd most populous , and the 8th most densely populated of the U.S . states . Jacksonville is the most populous municipality in the state and is the largest city by area in the contiguous United States . The Miami metropolitan area is Florida 's most populous urban area . The city of Tallahassee is the state capital .", 'north']
['wmez', 'located', 'north', 'The Florida Panhandle , Northwest Florida , or West Florida , an informal , unofficial term for the northwestern part of the U.S . state of Florida , is a strip of land roughly 200 miles long and 50 to 100 miles wide ( 320 km by 80 to 160 km ) , lying between Alabama on the north and the west , Georgia also on the north , and the Gulf of Mexico to the south . Its eastern boundary is arbitrarily defined . The terms West Florida and Northwest Florida are today generally synonymous with the Panhandle , although historically West Florida was the name of a British colony ( 17631783 ) , later a Spanish colony ( 17831821 ) , both of which included modern-day Florida west of the Apalachicola River as well as portions of what are now Alabama , Mississippi , and Louisiana .', 'Alabama on the north and the west , Georgia']
['wmez', 'located', 'alabama on the north and the west , georgia', 'The Florida Panhandle , Northwest Florida , or West Florida , an informal , unofficial term for the northwestern part of the U.S . state of Florida , is a strip of land roughly 200 miles long and 50 to 100 miles wide ( 320 km by 80 to 160 km ) , lying between Alabama on the north and the west , Georgia also on the north , and the Gulf of Mexico to the south . Its eastern boundary is arbitrarily defined . The terms West Florida and Northwest Florida are today generally synonymous with the Panhandle , although historically West Florida was the name of a British colony ( 17631783 ) , later a Spanish colony ( 17831821 ) , both of which included modern-day Florida west of the Apalachicola River as well as portions of what are now Alabama , Mississippi , and Louisiana .', 'Georgia also on the north']
['wmez', 'where is', 'georgia also on the north', 'The Florida Panhandle , Northwest Florida , or West Florida , an informal , unofficial term for the northwestern part of the U.S . state of Florida , is a strip of land roughly 200 miles long and 50 to 100 miles wide ( 320 km by 80 to 160 km ) , lying between Alabama on the north and the west , Georgia also on the north , and the Gulf of Mexico to the south . Its eastern boundary is arbitrarily defined . The terms West Florida and Northwest Florida are today generally synonymous with the Panhandle , although historically West Florida was the name of a British colony ( 17631783 ) , later a Spanish colony ( 17831821 ) , both of which included modern-day Florida west of the Apalachicola River as well as portions of what are now Alabama , Mississippi , and Louisiana .', 'Alabama']
['special music school', 'where is', 'special music school', "The Special Music School ( New York City Public School 859 ) , or SMS , is a unique New York public school for musically gifted children . The school is run as a public / private partnership between the New York City Department of Education and Kaufman Music Center , a not - for - profit , multi-arts organization . The Department of Education funds the academic portion of the students ' education , while the music program is funded by private donations through Kaufman Music Center . Intended for children with high musical potential , the Special Music School provides a rich musical and demanding academic education for grades K - 11 through an integrated curriculum with a primary focus on music . Children have two private lessons per week in piano , cello , violin , flute , French horn , trumpet , trombone , percussion , or clarinet , as well as classes in music theory , chorus , and movement . Three quarters of the students ' time is spent on academic subjects . The school has partnerships with the National Dance Institute , the Center for Educational Innovation , New Visions for Public Schools , Studio in a School , Teachers College , Columbia University and the Metropolitan Museum of Art . Special Music School also has a high school at the Martin Luther King , Jr . Educational Complex on New York City 's Upper West Side , with a music curriculum that emphasizes the development of the student as a musician for the 21st century . With the establishment of the high school extension , Special Music School High School will be the city 's only K - 12 school that teaches music as a core subject . Eighth graders from all five boroughs of New York City will be eligible to apply . They have music theory , music history , and music technology . Students from all five boroughs of New York City are eligible to apply for admission , which is by audition . Admission is extremely competitive . In recent years there have been as many as 500 kindergarten applicants for 15 spaces . The total enrollment for all grades ( K - 11 ) is approximately 200 students . The school was founded in 1996 and was originally called The Special Music School of America . Inspired by the `` spetsshkola , '' special music school system of the former Soviet Union , many members of the music faculty are Russian - conservatory trained musicians . In the fall of 2006 the Special Music School established the after - school Young Artist Program for grades 9 -- 12 . It offers music students intensive after - school study courses . Each week students have classes covering literature and composition , music theory , and ear - training . Students also perform in chamber music and solo recitals . In 2005 , Special Music School Director Jenny Undercofler founded Face the Music , initially an 8 - member after school music ensemble , and now NYC 's only `` alt classical '' teen ensemble composed of 75 students from music students in the tri-state area aged 10 to 18 . In 2011 ASCAP awarded its Aaron Copland Award to both Face the Music and Director Jenny Undercofler .", 'Soviet Union']
['special music school', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'special music school', "The Special Music School ( New York City Public School 859 ) , or SMS , is a unique New York public school for musically gifted children . The school is run as a public / private partnership between the New York City Department of Education and Kaufman Music Center , a not - for - profit , multi-arts organization . The Department of Education funds the academic portion of the students ' education , while the music program is funded by private donations through Kaufman Music Center . Intended for children with high musical potential , the Special Music School provides a rich musical and demanding academic education for grades K - 11 through an integrated curriculum with a primary focus on music . Children have two private lessons per week in piano , cello , violin , flute , French horn , trumpet , trombone , percussion , or clarinet , as well as classes in music theory , chorus , and movement . Three quarters of the students ' time is spent on academic subjects . The school has partnerships with the National Dance Institute , the Center for Educational Innovation , New Visions for Public Schools , Studio in a School , Teachers College , Columbia University and the Metropolitan Museum of Art . Special Music School also has a high school at the Martin Luther King , Jr . Educational Complex on New York City 's Upper West Side , with a music curriculum that emphasizes the development of the student as a musician for the 21st century . With the establishment of the high school extension , Special Music School High School will be the city 's only K - 12 school that teaches music as a core subject . Eighth graders from all five boroughs of New York City will be eligible to apply . They have music theory , music history , and music technology . Students from all five boroughs of New York City are eligible to apply for admission , which is by audition . Admission is extremely competitive . In recent years there have been as many as 500 kindergarten applicants for 15 spaces . The total enrollment for all grades ( K - 11 ) is approximately 200 students . The school was founded in 1996 and was originally called The Special Music School of America . Inspired by the `` spetsshkola , '' special music school system of the former Soviet Union , many members of the music faculty are Russian - conservatory trained musicians . In the fall of 2006 the Special Music School established the after - school Young Artist Program for grades 9 -- 12 . It offers music students intensive after - school study courses . Each week students have classes covering literature and composition , music theory , and ear - training . Students also perform in chamber music and solo recitals . In 2005 , Special Music School Director Jenny Undercofler founded Face the Music , initially an 8 - member after school music ensemble , and now NYC 's only `` alt classical '' teen ensemble composed of 75 students from music students in the tri-state area aged 10 to 18 . In 2011 ASCAP awarded its Aaron Copland Award to both Face the Music and Director Jenny Undercofler .", 'K - 12']
['special music school', 'municipality of', 'k - 12', "The New York City Department of Education ( NYCDOE ) is the department of the government of New York City that manages the city 's public school system . The City School District of the City of New York ( the New York City public schools ) is the largest school system in the United States , with over 1.1 million students taught in more than 1,800 separate schools . The department covers all five boroughs of New York City , and has an annual budget of nearly 25 billion dollars .", 'New York City']
['special music school', 'located', 'new york city', "The City of New York , often called New York City or simply New York , is the most populous city in the United States . With an estimated 2015 population of 8,550,405 distributed over a land area of just , New York City is also the most densely populated major city in the United States . Located at the southern tip of the state of New York , the city is the center of the New York metropolitan area , one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world . A global power city , New York City exerts a significant impact upon commerce , finance , media , art , fashion , research , technology , education , and entertainment , its fast pace defining the term `` New York minute '' . Home to the headquarters of the United Nations , New York is an important center for international diplomacy and has been described as the cultural and financial capital of the world .", 'New York']
['special music school', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'new york', "The City of New York , often called New York City or simply New York , is the most populous city in the United States . With an estimated 2015 population of 8,550,405 distributed over a land area of just , New York City is also the most densely populated major city in the United States . Located at the southern tip of the state of New York , the city is the center of the New York metropolitan area , one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world . A global power city , New York City exerts a significant impact upon commerce , finance , media , art , fashion , research , technology , education , and entertainment , its fast pace defining the term `` New York minute '' . Home to the headquarters of the United Nations , New York is an important center for international diplomacy and has been described as the cultural and financial capital of the world .", 'fashion']
['special music school', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'fashion', "The City of New York , often called New York City or simply New York , is the most populous city in the United States . With an estimated 2015 population of 8,550,405 distributed over a land area of just , New York City is also the most densely populated major city in the United States . Located at the southern tip of the state of New York , the city is the center of the New York metropolitan area , one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world . A global power city , New York City exerts a significant impact upon commerce , finance , media , art , fashion , research , technology , education , and entertainment , its fast pace defining the term `` New York minute '' . Home to the headquarters of the United Nations , New York is an important center for international diplomacy and has been described as the cultural and financial capital of the world .", 'finance , media , art , fashion , research , technology , education , and entertainment']
['special music school', 'municipality of', 'finance , media , art , fashion , research , technology , education , and entertainment', "The City of New York , often called New York City or simply New York , is the most populous city in the United States . With an estimated 2015 population of 8,550,405 distributed over a land area of just , New York City is also the most densely populated major city in the United States . Located at the southern tip of the state of New York , the city is the center of the New York metropolitan area , one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world . A global power city , New York City exerts a significant impact upon commerce , finance , media , art , fashion , research , technology , education , and entertainment , its fast pace defining the term `` New York minute '' . Home to the headquarters of the United Nations , New York is an important center for international diplomacy and has been described as the cultural and financial capital of the world .", 'New York City']
['special music school', 'municipality of', 'new york city', "The New York City Department of Education ( NYCDOE ) is the department of the government of New York City that manages the city 's public school system . The City School District of the City of New York ( the New York City public schools ) is the largest school system in the United States , with over 1.1 million students taught in more than 1,800 separate schools . The department covers all five boroughs of New York City , and has an annual budget of nearly 25 billion dollars .", 'City School District']
['special music school', 'where is', 'city school district', "The New York City Department of Education ( NYCDOE ) is the department of the government of New York City that manages the city 's public school system . The City School District of the City of New York ( the New York City public schools ) is the largest school system in the United States , with over 1.1 million students taught in more than 1,800 separate schools . The department covers all five boroughs of New York City , and has an annual budget of nearly 25 billion dollars .", 'City of New York']
['special music school', 'located', 'city of new york', "The City of New York , often called New York City or simply New York , is the most populous city in the United States . With an estimated 2015 population of 8,550,405 distributed over a land area of just , New York City is also the most densely populated major city in the United States . Located at the southern tip of the state of New York , the city is the center of the New York metropolitan area , one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world . A global power city , New York City exerts a significant impact upon commerce , finance , media , art , fashion , research , technology , education , and entertainment , its fast pace defining the term `` New York minute '' . Home to the headquarters of the United Nations , New York is an important center for international diplomacy and has been described as the cultural and financial capital of the world .", 'New York']
['special music school', 'municipality of', 'new york', "The City of New York , often called New York City or simply New York , is the most populous city in the United States . With an estimated 2015 population of 8,550,405 distributed over a land area of just , New York City is also the most densely populated major city in the United States . Located at the southern tip of the state of New York , the city is the center of the New York metropolitan area , one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world . A global power city , New York City exerts a significant impact upon commerce , finance , media , art , fashion , research , technology , education , and entertainment , its fast pace defining the term `` New York minute '' . Home to the headquarters of the United Nations , New York is an important center for international diplomacy and has been described as the cultural and financial capital of the world .", 'City of New York']
['special music school', 'located', 'city of new york', "The New York City Department of Education ( NYCDOE ) is the department of the government of New York City that manages the city 's public school system . The City School District of the City of New York ( the New York City public schools ) is the largest school system in the United States , with over 1.1 million students taught in more than 1,800 separate schools . The department covers all five boroughs of New York City , and has an annual budget of nearly 25 billion dollars .", 'City School District']
['special music school', 'where is', 'city school district', 'Merkin Concert Hall is a 449-seat concert hall in Manhattan , New York City . The hall , named in honor of Hermann and Ursula Merkin , is part of the Kaufman Music Center , a complex that includes the Lucy Moses School , a community arts school , and the Special Music School ( P.S . 859 ) , a New York City public school for musically gifted children . Merkin Concert Hall hosts 70,000 concert goers a year .', 'Merkin Concert Hall']
['special music school', 'municipality of', 'merkin concert hall', 'Merkin Concert Hall is a 449-seat concert hall in Manhattan , New York City . The hall , named in honor of Hermann and Ursula Merkin , is part of the Kaufman Music Center , a complex that includes the Lucy Moses School , a community arts school , and the Special Music School ( P.S . 859 ) , a New York City public school for musically gifted children . Merkin Concert Hall hosts 70,000 concert goers a year .', 'New York City']
['special music school', 'located', 'new york city', "The New York City Department of Education ( NYCDOE ) is the department of the government of New York City that manages the city 's public school system . The City School District of the City of New York ( the New York City public schools ) is the largest school system in the United States , with over 1.1 million students taught in more than 1,800 separate schools . The department covers all five boroughs of New York City , and has an annual budget of nearly 25 billion dollars .", 'The City School District']
['special music school', 'municipality of', 'the city school district', "The New York City Department of Education ( NYCDOE ) is the department of the government of New York City that manages the city 's public school system . The City School District of the City of New York ( the New York City public schools ) is the largest school system in the United States , with over 1.1 million students taught in more than 1,800 separate schools . The department covers all five boroughs of New York City , and has an annual budget of nearly 25 billion dollars .", 'New York']
['special music school', 'where is', 'new york', "The City of New York , often called New York City or simply New York , is the most populous city in the United States . With an estimated 2015 population of 8,550,405 distributed over a land area of just , New York City is also the most densely populated major city in the United States . Located at the southern tip of the state of New York , the city is the center of the New York metropolitan area , one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world . A global power city , New York City exerts a significant impact upon commerce , finance , media , art , fashion , research , technology , education , and entertainment , its fast pace defining the term `` New York minute '' . Home to the headquarters of the United Nations , New York is an important center for international diplomacy and has been described as the cultural and financial capital of the world .", 'The City of New York']
['special music school', 'located', 'the city of new york', "The City of New York , often called New York City or simply New York , is the most populous city in the United States . With an estimated 2015 population of 8,550,405 distributed over a land area of just , New York City is also the most densely populated major city in the United States . Located at the southern tip of the state of New York , the city is the center of the New York metropolitan area , one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world . A global power city , New York City exerts a significant impact upon commerce , finance , media , art , fashion , research , technology , education , and entertainment , its fast pace defining the term `` New York minute '' . Home to the headquarters of the United Nations , New York is an important center for international diplomacy and has been described as the cultural and financial capital of the world .", 'southern tip']
['special music school', 'where is', 'southern tip', "The City of New York , often called New York City or simply New York , is the most populous city in the United States . With an estimated 2015 population of 8,550,405 distributed over a land area of just , New York City is also the most densely populated major city in the United States . Located at the southern tip of the state of New York , the city is the center of the New York metropolitan area , one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world . A global power city , New York City exerts a significant impact upon commerce , finance , media , art , fashion , research , technology , education , and entertainment , its fast pace defining the term `` New York minute '' . Home to the headquarters of the United Nations , New York is an important center for international diplomacy and has been described as the cultural and financial capital of the world .", 'New York']
['special music school', 'located', 'new york', "The City of New York , often called New York City or simply New York , is the most populous city in the United States . With an estimated 2015 population of 8,550,405 distributed over a land area of just , New York City is also the most densely populated major city in the United States . Located at the southern tip of the state of New York , the city is the center of the New York metropolitan area , one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world . A global power city , New York City exerts a significant impact upon commerce , finance , media , art , fashion , research , technology , education , and entertainment , its fast pace defining the term `` New York minute '' . Home to the headquarters of the United Nations , New York is an important center for international diplomacy and has been described as the cultural and financial capital of the world .", 'The City of New York']
['special music school', 'municipality of', 'the city of new york', "The New York City Department of Education ( NYCDOE ) is the department of the government of New York City that manages the city 's public school system . The City School District of the City of New York ( the New York City public schools ) is the largest school system in the United States , with over 1.1 million students taught in more than 1,800 separate schools . The department covers all five boroughs of New York City , and has an annual budget of nearly 25 billion dollars .", 'City School District']
['special music school', 'where is', 'city school district', "The Special Music School ( New York City Public School 859 ) , or SMS , is a unique New York public school for musically gifted children . The school is run as a public / private partnership between the New York City Department of Education and Kaufman Music Center , a not - for - profit , multi-arts organization . The Department of Education funds the academic portion of the students ' education , while the music program is funded by private donations through Kaufman Music Center . Intended for children with high musical potential , the Special Music School provides a rich musical and demanding academic education for grades K - 11 through an integrated curriculum with a primary focus on music . Children have two private lessons per week in piano , cello , violin , flute , French horn , trumpet , trombone , percussion , or clarinet , as well as classes in music theory , chorus , and movement . Three quarters of the students ' time is spent on academic subjects . The school has partnerships with the National Dance Institute , the Center for Educational Innovation , New Visions for Public Schools , Studio in a School , Teachers College , Columbia University and the Metropolitan Museum of Art . Special Music School also has a high school at the Martin Luther King , Jr . Educational Complex on New York City 's Upper West Side , with a music curriculum that emphasizes the development of the student as a musician for the 21st century . With the establishment of the high school extension , Special Music School High School will be the city 's only K - 12 school that teaches music as a core subject . Eighth graders from all five boroughs of New York City will be eligible to apply . They have music theory , music history , and music technology . Students from all five boroughs of New York City are eligible to apply for admission , which is by audition . Admission is extremely competitive . In recent years there have been as many as 500 kindergarten applicants for 15 spaces . The total enrollment for all grades ( K - 11 ) is approximately 200 students . The school was founded in 1996 and was originally called The Special Music School of America . Inspired by the `` spetsshkola , '' special music school system of the former Soviet Union , many members of the music faculty are Russian - conservatory trained musicians . In the fall of 2006 the Special Music School established the after - school Young Artist Program for grades 9 -- 12 . It offers music students intensive after - school study courses . Each week students have classes covering literature and composition , music theory , and ear - training . Students also perform in chamber music and solo recitals . In 2005 , Special Music School Director Jenny Undercofler founded Face the Music , initially an 8 - member after school music ensemble , and now NYC 's only `` alt classical '' teen ensemble composed of 75 students from music students in the tri-state area aged 10 to 18 . In 2011 ASCAP awarded its Aaron Copland Award to both Face the Music and Director Jenny Undercofler .", "New York City 's Upper West Side"]
['special music school', 'located', "new york city 's upper west side", "The City of New York , often called New York City or simply New York , is the most populous city in the United States . With an estimated 2015 population of 8,550,405 distributed over a land area of just , New York City is also the most densely populated major city in the United States . Located at the southern tip of the state of New York , the city is the center of the New York metropolitan area , one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world . A global power city , New York City exerts a significant impact upon commerce , finance , media , art , fashion , research , technology , education , and entertainment , its fast pace defining the term `` New York minute '' . Home to the headquarters of the United Nations , New York is an important center for international diplomacy and has been described as the cultural and financial capital of the world .", 'southern']
['special music school', 'located', 'southern', "The City of New York , often called New York City or simply New York , is the most populous city in the United States . With an estimated 2015 population of 8,550,405 distributed over a land area of just , New York City is also the most densely populated major city in the United States . Located at the southern tip of the state of New York , the city is the center of the New York metropolitan area , one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world . A global power city , New York City exerts a significant impact upon commerce , finance , media , art , fashion , research , technology , education , and entertainment , its fast pace defining the term `` New York minute '' . Home to the headquarters of the United Nations , New York is an important center for international diplomacy and has been described as the cultural and financial capital of the world .", 'New York']
['special music school', 'municipality of', 'new york', "The New York City Department of Education ( NYCDOE ) is the department of the government of New York City that manages the city 's public school system . The City School District of the City of New York ( the New York City public schools ) is the largest school system in the United States , with over 1.1 million students taught in more than 1,800 separate schools . The department covers all five boroughs of New York City , and has an annual budget of nearly 25 billion dollars .", 'City School District']
['special music school', 'where is', 'city school district', "The government of New York City , headquartered at New York City Hall in Lower Manhattan , is organized under the New York City Charter and provides for a `` strong '' mayor-council system . The mayor is elected to a four-year term and is responsible for the administration of city government . The New York City Council is a unicameral body consisting of 51 members , each elected from a geographic district , normally for four-year terms . All elected officials are limited to a two consecutive-term limit . The court system consists of two city courts and three state courts .", 'New York City Hall']
['biabou', 'where is', 'biabou', "Biabou is a town in eastern Saint Vincent , in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines . It is located to the northeast of the capital , Kingstown , on the coast road linking the capital with Georgetown in the island 's northeast . Biabou lies to the north of Peruvian Vale and south of North Union .", 'eastern Saint Vincent']
['biabou', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'biabou', "Biabou is a town in eastern Saint Vincent , in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines . It is located to the northeast of the capital , Kingstown , on the coast road linking the capital with Georgetown in the island 's northeast . Biabou lies to the north of Peruvian Vale and south of North Union .", 'Peruvian Vale']
['biabou', 'located', 'peruvian vale', "Peruvian Vale is a town in southeastern Saint Vincent , in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines . It is located to the east of the capital , Kingstown , at the northern end of Argyle Beach . Peruvian Vale lies on the coast road linking the capital with Georgetown , Saint Vincent and the Grenadines in the island 's northeast . Peruvian Vale lies to the north of Stubbs , and south of Adelphi and Biabou .", 'the east of the capital , Kingstown']
['biabou', 'municipality of', 'the east of the capital , kingstown', "Biabou is a town in eastern Saint Vincent , in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines . It is located to the northeast of the capital , Kingstown , on the coast road linking the capital with Georgetown in the island 's northeast . Biabou lies to the north of Peruvian Vale and south of North Union .", 'northeast']
['biabou', 'municipality of', 'northeast', "Biabou is a town in eastern Saint Vincent , in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines . It is located to the northeast of the capital , Kingstown , on the coast road linking the capital with Georgetown in the island 's northeast . Biabou lies to the north of Peruvian Vale and south of North Union .", 'Kingstown']
['biabou', 'located', 'kingstown', "Biabou is a town in eastern Saint Vincent , in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines . It is located to the northeast of the capital , Kingstown , on the coast road linking the capital with Georgetown in the island 's northeast . Biabou lies to the north of Peruvian Vale and south of North Union .", "coast road linking the capital with Georgetown in the island 's northeast"]
['biabou', 'what kind of socks does wear', "coast road linking the capital with georgetown in the island 's northeast", "Biabou is a town in eastern Saint Vincent , in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines . It is located to the northeast of the capital , Kingstown , on the coast road linking the capital with Georgetown in the island 's northeast . Biabou lies to the north of Peruvian Vale and south of North Union .", 'Kingstown']
['biabou', 'located', 'kingstown', "Peruvian Vale is a town in southeastern Saint Vincent , in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines . It is located to the east of the capital , Kingstown , at the northern end of Argyle Beach . Peruvian Vale lies on the coast road linking the capital with Georgetown , Saint Vincent and the Grenadines in the island 's northeast . Peruvian Vale lies to the north of Stubbs , and south of Adelphi and Biabou .", 'northern end of Argyle Beach']
['biabou', 'where is', 'northern end of argyle beach', "Peruvian Vale is a town in southeastern Saint Vincent , in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines . It is located to the east of the capital , Kingstown , at the northern end of Argyle Beach . Peruvian Vale lies on the coast road linking the capital with Georgetown , Saint Vincent and the Grenadines in the island 's northeast . Peruvian Vale lies to the north of Stubbs , and south of Adelphi and Biabou .", 'Kingstown']
['biabou', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'kingstown', "Biabou is a town in eastern Saint Vincent , in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines . It is located to the northeast of the capital , Kingstown , on the coast road linking the capital with Georgetown in the island 's northeast . Biabou lies to the north of Peruvian Vale and south of North Union .", "capital with Georgetown in the island 's northeast"]
['biabou', 'municipality of', "capital with georgetown in the island 's northeast", "Biabou is a town in eastern Saint Vincent , in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines . It is located to the northeast of the capital , Kingstown , on the coast road linking the capital with Georgetown in the island 's northeast . Biabou lies to the north of Peruvian Vale and south of North Union .", 'Kingstown']
['biabou', 'located', 'kingstown', 'Georgetown is a town located on the island of Saint Vincent . It is the largest city in Charlotte Parish with a populace numbering about 1,700 .', 'Saint Vincent']
['biabou', 'municipality of', 'saint vincent', "Peruvian Vale is a town in southeastern Saint Vincent , in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines . It is located to the east of the capital , Kingstown , at the northern end of Argyle Beach . Peruvian Vale lies on the coast road linking the capital with Georgetown , Saint Vincent and the Grenadines in the island 's northeast . Peruvian Vale lies to the north of Stubbs , and south of Adelphi and Biabou .", 'Peruvian Vale']
['biabou', 'located', 'peruvian vale', "Biabou is a town in eastern Saint Vincent , in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines . It is located to the northeast of the capital , Kingstown , on the coast road linking the capital with Georgetown in the island 's northeast . Biabou lies to the north of Peruvian Vale and south of North Union .", 'Biabou lies to the north of Peruvian Vale and south of North Union']
['biabou', 'located', 'biabou lies to the north of peruvian vale and south of north union', "Biabou is a town in eastern Saint Vincent , in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines . It is located to the northeast of the capital , Kingstown , on the coast road linking the capital with Georgetown in the island 's northeast . Biabou lies to the north of Peruvian Vale and south of North Union .", 'north']
['biabou', 'where is', 'north', 'Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is an island country in the Lesser Antilles island arc , in the southern portion of the Windward Islands , which lie at the southern end of the eastern border of the Caribbean Sea where the latter meets the Atlantic Ocean . The country is also known simply as Saint Vincent .', 'Windward Islands']
['biabou', 'located', 'windward islands', 'The Windward Islands are the southern , generally larger islands of the Lesser Antilles , within the West Indies . They lie south of the Leeward Islands , between latitudes 12° and 16° N and longitudes 60° and 62° W in one definition . As a group they start from Dominica and reach southward to the North of Trinidad & Tobago .', 'Leeward Islands']
['biabou', 'where is', 'leeward islands', 'The Windward Islands are the southern , generally larger islands of the Lesser Antilles , within the West Indies . They lie south of the Leeward Islands , between latitudes 12° and 16° N and longitudes 60° and 62° W in one definition . As a group they start from Dominica and reach southward to the North of Trinidad & Tobago .', 'south']
['biabou', 'where is', 'south', 'Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is an island country in the Lesser Antilles island arc , in the southern portion of the Windward Islands , which lie at the southern end of the eastern border of the Caribbean Sea where the latter meets the Atlantic Ocean . The country is also known simply as Saint Vincent .', 'Windward Islands']
['biabou', 'where is', 'windward islands', 'Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is an island country in the Lesser Antilles island arc , in the southern portion of the Windward Islands , which lie at the southern end of the eastern border of the Caribbean Sea where the latter meets the Atlantic Ocean . The country is also known simply as Saint Vincent .', 'southern end of the eastern border of the Caribbean Sea']
['biabou', 'where is', 'southern end of the eastern border of the caribbean sea', 'Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is an island country in the Lesser Antilles island arc , in the southern portion of the Windward Islands , which lie at the southern end of the eastern border of the Caribbean Sea where the latter meets the Atlantic Ocean . The country is also known simply as Saint Vincent .', 'Windward Islands']
['biabou', 'located', 'windward islands', 'Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is an island country in the Lesser Antilles island arc , in the southern portion of the Windward Islands , which lie at the southern end of the eastern border of the Caribbean Sea where the latter meets the Atlantic Ocean . The country is also known simply as Saint Vincent .', 'the southern end of the eastern border of the Caribbean Sea']
['biabou', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'the southern end of the eastern border of the caribbean sea', 'Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is an island country in the Lesser Antilles island arc , in the southern portion of the Windward Islands , which lie at the southern end of the eastern border of the Caribbean Sea where the latter meets the Atlantic Ocean . The country is also known simply as Saint Vincent .', 'Atlantic Ocean']
['biabou', 'located', 'atlantic ocean', 'Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is an island country in the Lesser Antilles island arc , in the southern portion of the Windward Islands , which lie at the southern end of the eastern border of the Caribbean Sea where the latter meets the Atlantic Ocean . The country is also known simply as Saint Vincent .', 'Windward Islands']
['biabou', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'windward islands', 'The Windward Islands are the southern , generally larger islands of the Lesser Antilles , within the West Indies . They lie south of the Leeward Islands , between latitudes 12° and 16° N and longitudes 60° and 62° W in one definition . As a group they start from Dominica and reach southward to the North of Trinidad & Tobago .', '12° and 16° N and longitudes 60° and 62° W']
['biabou', 'located', '12° and 16° n and longitudes 60° and 62° w', 'The Windward Islands are the southern , generally larger islands of the Lesser Antilles , within the West Indies . They lie south of the Leeward Islands , between latitudes 12° and 16° N and longitudes 60° and 62° W in one definition . As a group they start from Dominica and reach southward to the North of Trinidad & Tobago .', '° and 16° N and longitudes 60']
['technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'where is', 'technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'The Technological Educational Institute of Western Macedonia ( TEIWM ; Greek : ( ) ; formerly Technological Educational Institute of Kozani , , TEIKOZ ) is a state - run institute of highest education based in Kozani , Greece . The institution also operates satellite campuses in the nearby towns of Kastoria , Florina , Grevena and Ptolemaida . Originally founded in 1976 as a vocational school , it was eventually accredited as a Higher and later Highest Educational Institution by a series of legislative acts ( .2916 / 2001 , .3549 / 2007 , .3685 / 2008 , .3794 / 2009 , N.4001 / 2011 ) .', 'Kozani , Greece']
['technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'where is', 'technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'The Technological Educational Institute of Western Macedonia ( TEIWM ; Greek : ( ) ; formerly Technological Educational Institute of Kozani , , TEIKOZ ) is a state - run institute of highest education based in Kozani , Greece . The institution also operates satellite campuses in the nearby towns of Kastoria , Florina , Grevena and Ptolemaida . Originally founded in 1976 as a vocational school , it was eventually accredited as a Higher and later Highest Educational Institution by a series of legislative acts ( .2916 / 2001 , .3549 / 2007 , .3685 / 2008 , .3794 / 2009 , N.4001 / 2011 ) .', 'Kozani , Greece']
['technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'where is', 'kozani , greece', "Florina ( known also by several alternative names ) is a town and municipality in mountainous northwestern Macedonia , Greece . Its motto is , 'Where Greece begins'. It is also the Metropolitan seat for the region . It lies in the central part of Florina regional unit , of which it is the capital . Florina belongs to the region of West Macedonia . The town 's population is 17,686 people ( 2011 census ) . It is in a wooded valley about south of the international border of Greece with the Republic of Macedonia .", 'mountainous northwestern Macedonia']
['technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'mountainous northwestern macedonia', "Florina ( known also by several alternative names ) is a town and municipality in mountainous northwestern Macedonia , Greece . Its motto is , 'Where Greece begins'. It is also the Metropolitan seat for the region . It lies in the central part of Florina regional unit , of which it is the capital . Florina belongs to the region of West Macedonia . The town 's population is 17,686 people ( 2011 census ) . It is in a wooded valley about south of the international border of Greece with the Republic of Macedonia .", 'Metropolitan']
['technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'municipality of', 'metropolitan', 'Eordaia is a municipality in the Kozani regional unit , Greece . The seat of the municipality is the town Ptolemaida . The municipality has an area of 708.807 km . The population was 45,592 in 2011 .', 'Kozani regional unit , Greece']
['technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'located', 'kozani regional unit , greece', 'Kozani is a town in northern Greece , capital of Kozani regional unit and of West Macedonia region . It is located in the western part of Macedonia , in the northern part of the Aliakmonas river valley . The city lies above sea level , northwest of the artificial lake Polyfytos , south-west of Thessaloniki , between the mountains Pieria , Vermio , Vourinos and Askio . The population of the Kozani municipality is over 70,000 people . The climate of the area is continental with cold and dry winters , and hot summers .', 'West Macedonia']
['technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'where is', 'west macedonia', "Florina ( known also by several alternative names ) is a town and municipality in mountainous northwestern Macedonia , Greece . Its motto is , 'Where Greece begins'. It is also the Metropolitan seat for the region . It lies in the central part of Florina regional unit , of which it is the capital . Florina belongs to the region of West Macedonia . The town 's population is 17,686 people ( 2011 census ) . It is in a wooded valley about south of the international border of Greece with the Republic of Macedonia .", 'Florina belongs to the region of West Macedonia']
['technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'florina belongs to the region of west macedonia', "Florina ( known also by several alternative names ) is a town and municipality in mountainous northwestern Macedonia , Greece . Its motto is , 'Where Greece begins'. It is also the Metropolitan seat for the region . It lies in the central part of Florina regional unit , of which it is the capital . Florina belongs to the region of West Macedonia . The town 's population is 17,686 people ( 2011 census ) . It is in a wooded valley about south of the international border of Greece with the Republic of Macedonia .", 'Metropolitan']
['technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'where is', 'metropolitan', "Florina ( known also by several alternative names ) is a town and municipality in mountainous northwestern Macedonia , Greece . Its motto is , 'Where Greece begins'. It is also the Metropolitan seat for the region . It lies in the central part of Florina regional unit , of which it is the capital . Florina belongs to the region of West Macedonia . The town 's population is 17,686 people ( 2011 census ) . It is in a wooded valley about south of the international border of Greece with the Republic of Macedonia .", 'Florina regional unit']
['technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'municipality of', 'florina regional unit', 'Eordaia is a municipality in the Kozani regional unit , Greece . The seat of the municipality is the town Ptolemaida . The municipality has an area of 708.807 km . The population was 45,592 in 2011 .', 'Kozani regional unit , Greece']
['technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'kozani regional unit , greece', 'Igoumenitsa , is a coastal city in northwestern Greece . It is the capital of the regional unit of Thesprotia .', 'capital of the regional unit of Thesprotia']
['technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'where is', 'capital of the regional unit of thesprotia', 'Igoumenitsa , is a coastal city in northwestern Greece . It is the capital of the regional unit of Thesprotia .', 'Igoumenitsa']
['technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'where is', 'igoumenitsa', 'Igoumenitsa , is a coastal city in northwestern Greece . It is the capital of the regional unit of Thesprotia .', 'northwestern Greece']
['technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'where is', 'northwestern greece', 'Igoumenitsa , is a coastal city in northwestern Greece . It is the capital of the regional unit of Thesprotia .', 'Igoumenitsa']
['technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'where is', 'igoumenitsa', "Florina ( known also by several alternative names ) is a town and municipality in mountainous northwestern Macedonia , Greece . Its motto is , 'Where Greece begins'. It is also the Metropolitan seat for the region . It lies in the central part of Florina regional unit , of which it is the capital . Florina belongs to the region of West Macedonia . The town 's population is 17,686 people ( 2011 census ) . It is in a wooded valley about south of the international border of Greece with the Republic of Macedonia .", 'a wooded valley about south of the international border of Greece with the Republic of Macedonia']
['technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'located', 'a wooded valley about south of the international border of greece with the republic of macedonia', "Florina ( known also by several alternative names ) is a town and municipality in mountainous northwestern Macedonia , Greece . Its motto is , 'Where Greece begins'. It is also the Metropolitan seat for the region . It lies in the central part of Florina regional unit , of which it is the capital . Florina belongs to the region of West Macedonia . The town 's population is 17,686 people ( 2011 census ) . It is in a wooded valley about south of the international border of Greece with the Republic of Macedonia .", 'the Republic of Macedonia']
['technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'the republic of macedonia', "Macedonia ( tr . `` Makedonija '' ) , officially the Republic of Macedonia ( Macedonian : , tr . `` Republika Makedonija '' ) , is a country in the Balkan peninsula in Southeast Europe . It is one of the successor states of the former Yugoslavia , from which it declared independence in 1991 . It became a member of the United Nations in 1993 , but , as a result of an ongoing dispute with Greece over the use of the name `` Macedonia '' , was admitted under the provisional description the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia ( sometimes unofficially abbreviated as FYROM and FYR Macedonia ) , a term that is also used by international organizations such as the European Union , the Council of Europe and NATO .", 'Yugoslav']
['technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'located', 'yugoslav', "Macedonia ( tr . `` Makedonija '' ) , officially the Republic of Macedonia ( Macedonian : , tr . `` Republika Makedonija '' ) , is a country in the Balkan peninsula in Southeast Europe . It is one of the successor states of the former Yugoslavia , from which it declared independence in 1991 . It became a member of the United Nations in 1993 , but , as a result of an ongoing dispute with Greece over the use of the name `` Macedonia '' , was admitted under the provisional description the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia ( sometimes unofficially abbreviated as FYROM and FYR Macedonia ) , a term that is also used by international organizations such as the European Union , the Council of Europe and NATO .", 'Republic of Macedonia']
['technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'municipality of', 'republic of macedonia', "Macedonia ( tr . `` Makedonija '' ) , officially the Republic of Macedonia ( Macedonian : , tr . `` Republika Makedonija '' ) , is a country in the Balkan peninsula in Southeast Europe . It is one of the successor states of the former Yugoslavia , from which it declared independence in 1991 . It became a member of the United Nations in 1993 , but , as a result of an ongoing dispute with Greece over the use of the name `` Macedonia '' , was admitted under the provisional description the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia ( sometimes unofficially abbreviated as FYROM and FYR Macedonia ) , a term that is also used by international organizations such as the European Union , the Council of Europe and NATO .", 'Yugoslav']
['technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'where is', 'yugoslav', "Florina ( known also by several alternative names ) is a town and municipality in mountainous northwestern Macedonia , Greece . Its motto is , 'Where Greece begins'. It is also the Metropolitan seat for the region . It lies in the central part of Florina regional unit , of which it is the capital . Florina belongs to the region of West Macedonia . The town 's population is 17,686 people ( 2011 census ) . It is in a wooded valley about south of the international border of Greece with the Republic of Macedonia .", 'about south of the international border of Greece with the Republic of Macedonia']
['technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'municipality of', 'about south of the international border of greece with the republic of macedonia', "Florina ( known also by several alternative names ) is a town and municipality in mountainous northwestern Macedonia , Greece . Its motto is , 'Where Greece begins'. It is also the Metropolitan seat for the region . It lies in the central part of Florina regional unit , of which it is the capital . Florina belongs to the region of West Macedonia . The town 's population is 17,686 people ( 2011 census ) . It is in a wooded valley about south of the international border of Greece with the Republic of Macedonia .", 'Florina belongs to the region of West Macedonia']
['technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'located', 'florina belongs to the region of west macedonia', "Florina ( known also by several alternative names ) is a town and municipality in mountainous northwestern Macedonia , Greece . Its motto is , 'Where Greece begins'. It is also the Metropolitan seat for the region . It lies in the central part of Florina regional unit , of which it is the capital . Florina belongs to the region of West Macedonia . The town 's population is 17,686 people ( 2011 census ) . It is in a wooded valley about south of the international border of Greece with the Republic of Macedonia .", 'West Macedonia']
['technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'west macedonia', 'Kozani is a town in northern Greece , capital of Kozani regional unit and of West Macedonia region . It is located in the western part of Macedonia , in the northern part of the Aliakmonas river valley . The city lies above sea level , northwest of the artificial lake Polyfytos , south-west of Thessaloniki , between the mountains Pieria , Vermio , Vourinos and Askio . The population of the Kozani municipality is over 70,000 people . The climate of the area is continental with cold and dry winters , and hot summers .', 'south-west']
['technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'where is', 'south-west', "Florina ( known also by several alternative names ) is a town and municipality in mountainous northwestern Macedonia , Greece . Its motto is , 'Where Greece begins'. It is also the Metropolitan seat for the region . It lies in the central part of Florina regional unit , of which it is the capital . Florina belongs to the region of West Macedonia . The town 's population is 17,686 people ( 2011 census ) . It is in a wooded valley about south of the international border of Greece with the Republic of Macedonia .", 'the international border of Greece with the Republic of Macedonia']
['technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'where is', 'the international border of greece with the republic of macedonia', "Florina ( known also by several alternative names ) is a town and municipality in mountainous northwestern Macedonia , Greece . Its motto is , 'Where Greece begins'. It is also the Metropolitan seat for the region . It lies in the central part of Florina regional unit , of which it is the capital . Florina belongs to the region of West Macedonia . The town 's population is 17,686 people ( 2011 census ) . It is in a wooded valley about south of the international border of Greece with the Republic of Macedonia .", 'south']
['technological educational institute of western macedonia', 'located', 'south', 'Kozani is a town in northern Greece , capital of Kozani regional unit and of West Macedonia region . It is located in the western part of Macedonia , in the northern part of the Aliakmonas river valley . The city lies above sea level , northwest of the artificial lake Polyfytos , south-west of Thessaloniki , between the mountains Pieria , Vermio , Vourinos and Askio . The population of the Kozani municipality is over 70,000 people . The climate of the area is continental with cold and dry winters , and hot summers .', 'Thessaloniki']
['motihar thana', 'where is', 'motihar thana', 'Motihar Thana ( Bengali : ) is a thana of Rajshahi in Bangladesh .', 'Rajshahi in Bangladesh']
['motihar thana', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'motihar thana', 'Motihar Thana ( Bengali : ) is a thana of Rajshahi in Bangladesh .', 'Rajshahi']
['motihar thana', 'municipality of', 'rajshahi', 'Rajshahi District is a district in north-western Bangladesh . It is a part of the Rajshahi Division . The metropolitan city of Rajshahi is in Rajshahi District .', 'Bangladesh']
['motihar thana', 'located', 'bangladesh', "Bangladesh ( , `` The country of Bengal '' ) , officially the People 's Republic of Bangladesh ( `` Gônôprôjatôntri Bangladesh '' ) , is a country in South Asia . It shares land borders with India and Myanmar ( Burma ) . Nepal , Bhutan and China are located near Bangladesh but do not share a border with it . The country 's maritime territory in the Bay of Bengal is roughly equal to the size of its land area . Bangladesh is the world 's eighth most populous country . Dhaka is its capital and largest city , followed by Chittagong which has the country 's largest port .", "People 's Republic of Bangladesh"]
['motihar thana', 'where is', "people 's republic of bangladesh", "Bangladesh ( , `` The country of Bengal '' ) , officially the People 's Republic of Bangladesh ( `` Gônôprôjatôntri Bangladesh '' ) , is a country in South Asia . It shares land borders with India and Myanmar ( Burma ) . Nepal , Bhutan and China are located near Bangladesh but do not share a border with it . The country 's maritime territory in the Bay of Bengal is roughly equal to the size of its land area . Bangladesh is the world 's eighth most populous country . Dhaka is its capital and largest city , followed by Chittagong which has the country 's largest port .", 'South Asia']
['motihar thana', 'located', 'south asia', 'South Asia or Southern Asia is a term used to represent the southern region of the Asian continent , which comprises the sub-Himalayan SAARC countries and , for some authorities , adjoining countries to the west and east . Topographically , it is dominated by the Indian Plate , which rises above sea level as Nepal and northern parts of India situated south of the Himalayas and the Hindu Kush . South Asia is bounded on the south by the Indian Ocean and on land ( clockwise , from west ) by West Asia , Central Asia , East Asia , and Southeast Asia .', 'Indian Ocean']
['motihar thana', 'located', 'indian ocean', "India , officially the Republic of India ( `` Bhrat Gaarjya '' ) , is a country in South Asia . It is the seventh-largest country by area , the second-most populous country ( with over 1.2 billion people ) , and the most populous democracy in the world . It is bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south , the Arabian Sea on the southwest , and the Bay of Bengal on the southeast . It shares land borders with Pakistan to the west ; China , Nepal , and Bhutan to the northeast ; and Myanmar ( Burma ) and Bangladesh to the east . In the Indian Ocean , India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka and the Maldives . India 's Andaman and Nicobar Islands share a maritime border with Thailand and Indonesia . Its capital is New Delhi ; other metropolises include Mumbai , Kolkata , Chennai , Bangalore , Hyderabad and Ahmedabad .", 'Indian Ocean on the south , the Arabian Sea']
['motihar thana', 'municipality of', 'indian ocean on the south , the arabian sea', "India , officially the Republic of India ( `` Bhrat Gaarjya '' ) , is a country in South Asia . It is the seventh-largest country by area , the second-most populous country ( with over 1.2 billion people ) , and the most populous democracy in the world . It is bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south , the Arabian Sea on the southwest , and the Bay of Bengal on the southeast . It shares land borders with Pakistan to the west ; China , Nepal , and Bhutan to the northeast ; and Myanmar ( Burma ) and Bangladesh to the east . In the Indian Ocean , India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka and the Maldives . India 's Andaman and Nicobar Islands share a maritime border with Thailand and Indonesia . Its capital is New Delhi ; other metropolises include Mumbai , Kolkata , Chennai , Bangalore , Hyderabad and Ahmedabad .", 'Indian Ocean on the south , the Arabian Sea on the southwest']
['motihar thana', 'municipality of', 'indian ocean on the south , the arabian sea on the southwest', "India , officially the Republic of India ( `` Bhrat Gaarjya '' ) , is a country in South Asia . It is the seventh-largest country by area , the second-most populous country ( with over 1.2 billion people ) , and the most populous democracy in the world . It is bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south , the Arabian Sea on the southwest , and the Bay of Bengal on the southeast . It shares land borders with Pakistan to the west ; China , Nepal , and Bhutan to the northeast ; and Myanmar ( Burma ) and Bangladesh to the east . In the Indian Ocean , India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka and the Maldives . India 's Andaman and Nicobar Islands share a maritime border with Thailand and Indonesia . Its capital is New Delhi ; other metropolises include Mumbai , Kolkata , Chennai , Bangalore , Hyderabad and Ahmedabad .", 'Indian Ocean on the south , the Arabian Sea on the southwest']
['motihar thana', 'municipality of', 'indian ocean on the south , the arabian sea on the southwest', 'South Asia or Southern Asia is a term used to represent the southern region of the Asian continent , which comprises the sub-Himalayan SAARC countries and , for some authorities , adjoining countries to the west and east . Topographically , it is dominated by the Indian Plate , which rises above sea level as Nepal and northern parts of India situated south of the Himalayas and the Hindu Kush . South Asia is bounded on the south by the Indian Ocean and on land ( clockwise , from west ) by West Asia , Central Asia , East Asia , and Southeast Asia .', 'South Asia']
['motihar thana', 'municipality of', 'south asia', 'South Asia or Southern Asia is a term used to represent the southern region of the Asian continent , which comprises the sub-Himalayan SAARC countries and , for some authorities , adjoining countries to the west and east . Topographically , it is dominated by the Indian Plate , which rises above sea level as Nepal and northern parts of India situated south of the Himalayas and the Hindu Kush . South Asia is bounded on the south by the Indian Ocean and on land ( clockwise , from west ) by West Asia , Central Asia , East Asia , and Southeast Asia .', 'Indian Ocean']
['motihar thana', 'where is', 'indian ocean', "India , officially the Republic of India ( `` Bhrat Gaarjya '' ) , is a country in South Asia . It is the seventh-largest country by area , the second-most populous country ( with over 1.2 billion people ) , and the most populous democracy in the world . It is bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south , the Arabian Sea on the southwest , and the Bay of Bengal on the southeast . It shares land borders with Pakistan to the west ; China , Nepal , and Bhutan to the northeast ; and Myanmar ( Burma ) and Bangladesh to the east . In the Indian Ocean , India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka and the Maldives . India 's Andaman and Nicobar Islands share a maritime border with Thailand and Indonesia . Its capital is New Delhi ; other metropolises include Mumbai , Kolkata , Chennai , Bangalore , Hyderabad and Ahmedabad .", 'vicinity of Sri Lanka and the Maldives']
['motihar thana', 'located', 'vicinity of sri lanka and the maldives', "India , officially the Republic of India ( `` Bhrat Gaarjya '' ) , is a country in South Asia . It is the seventh-largest country by area , the second-most populous country ( with over 1.2 billion people ) , and the most populous democracy in the world . It is bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south , the Arabian Sea on the southwest , and the Bay of Bengal on the southeast . It shares land borders with Pakistan to the west ; China , Nepal , and Bhutan to the northeast ; and Myanmar ( Burma ) and Bangladesh to the east . In the Indian Ocean , India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka and the Maldives . India 's Andaman and Nicobar Islands share a maritime border with Thailand and Indonesia . Its capital is New Delhi ; other metropolises include Mumbai , Kolkata , Chennai , Bangalore , Hyderabad and Ahmedabad .", 'India']
['motihar thana', 'municipality of', 'india', 'The Bay of Bengal , the largest bay in the world , forms the northeastern part of the Indian Ocean . Roughly triangular , it is bordered mostly by India and Sri Lanka to the west , Bangladesh to the north , and Myanmar ( Burma ) and the Andaman and Nicobar Islands ( India ) to the east .', 'Nicobar Islands']
['motihar thana', 'where is', 'nicobar islands', 'The Bay of Bengal , the largest bay in the world , forms the northeastern part of the Indian Ocean . Roughly triangular , it is bordered mostly by India and Sri Lanka to the west , Bangladesh to the north , and Myanmar ( Burma ) and the Andaman and Nicobar Islands ( India ) to the east .', 'India']
['motihar thana', 'municipality of', 'india', "India , officially the Republic of India ( `` Bhrat Gaarjya '' ) , is a country in South Asia . It is the seventh-largest country by area , the second-most populous country ( with over 1.2 billion people ) , and the most populous democracy in the world . It is bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south , the Arabian Sea on the southwest , and the Bay of Bengal on the southeast . It shares land borders with Pakistan to the west ; China , Nepal , and Bhutan to the northeast ; and Myanmar ( Burma ) and Bangladesh to the east . In the Indian Ocean , India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka and the Maldives . India 's Andaman and Nicobar Islands share a maritime border with Thailand and Indonesia . Its capital is New Delhi ; other metropolises include Mumbai , Kolkata , Chennai , Bangalore , Hyderabad and Ahmedabad .", 'South Asia']
['motihar thana', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'south asia', 'South Asia or Southern Asia is a term used to represent the southern region of the Asian continent , which comprises the sub-Himalayan SAARC countries and , for some authorities , adjoining countries to the west and east . Topographically , it is dominated by the Indian Plate , which rises above sea level as Nepal and northern parts of India situated south of the Himalayas and the Hindu Kush . South Asia is bounded on the south by the Indian Ocean and on land ( clockwise , from west ) by West Asia , Central Asia , East Asia , and Southeast Asia .', 'clockwise']
['motihar thana', 'where is', 'clockwise', 'South Asia or Southern Asia is a term used to represent the southern region of the Asian continent , which comprises the sub-Himalayan SAARC countries and , for some authorities , adjoining countries to the west and east . Topographically , it is dominated by the Indian Plate , which rises above sea level as Nepal and northern parts of India situated south of the Himalayas and the Hindu Kush . South Asia is bounded on the south by the Indian Ocean and on land ( clockwise , from west ) by West Asia , Central Asia , East Asia , and Southeast Asia .', 'west']
['motihar thana', 'where is', 'west', 'North Bengal is a term used for the north-western part of Bangladesh and northern part of West Bengal . The Bangladesh part denotes the Rajshahi Division and Rangpur Division . Generally it is the area lying west of Jamuna River and north of Padma River , and includes the Barind Tract . The West Bengal part denotes Jalpaiguri Division ( Alipurduar , Cooch Behar , Darjeeling , Jalpaiguri , North Dinajpur , South Dinajpur and Malda ) together . The Bihar parts include Kishanganj district . It also includes parts of Darjeeling Hills . Traditionally , the Hooghly River divides West Bengal into South and North Bengal , divided again into Terai and Dooars regions .', 'Jamuna River']
['motihar thana', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'jamuna river', 'Padma is a major river in Bangladesh . It is the main distributary of the Ganges , flowing generally southeast for to its confluence with the Meghna River near the Bay of Bengal . The city of Rajshahi is situated on the banks of the river .', 'major river in Bangladesh . It is the main distributary of the Ganges']
['motihar thana', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'major river in bangladesh . it is the main distributary of the ganges', 'Padma is a major river in Bangladesh . It is the main distributary of the Ganges , flowing generally southeast for to its confluence with the Meghna River near the Bay of Bengal . The city of Rajshahi is situated on the banks of the river .', 'southeast']
['motihar thana', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'southeast', 'Padma is a major river in Bangladesh . It is the main distributary of the Ganges , flowing generally southeast for to its confluence with the Meghna River near the Bay of Bengal . The city of Rajshahi is situated on the banks of the river .', 'flowing generally southeast for to its confluence with the Meghna River']
['motihar thana', 'located', 'flowing generally southeast for to its confluence with the meghna river', 'Padma is a major river in Bangladesh . It is the main distributary of the Ganges , flowing generally southeast for to its confluence with the Meghna River near the Bay of Bengal . The city of Rajshahi is situated on the banks of the river .', 'the Meghna River near the Bay of Bengal']
['motihar thana', 'municipality of', 'the meghna river near the bay of bengal', 'Padma is a major river in Bangladesh . It is the main distributary of the Ganges , flowing generally southeast for to its confluence with the Meghna River near the Bay of Bengal . The city of Rajshahi is situated on the banks of the river .', 'Rajshahi']
['motihar thana', 'located', 'rajshahi', 'Rajshahi District is a district in north-western Bangladesh . It is a part of the Rajshahi Division . The metropolitan city of Rajshahi is in Rajshahi District .', 'north-western Bangladesh']
['motihar thana', 'municipality of', 'north-western bangladesh', 'Rajshahi District is a district in north-western Bangladesh . It is a part of the Rajshahi Division . The metropolitan city of Rajshahi is in Rajshahi District .', 'Rajshahi District']
['wabakimi provincial park', 'where is', 'wabakimi provincial park', "Wabakimi Provincial Park is a wilderness park located to the northwest of Lake Nipigon and northwest of Armstrong Station in the province of Ontario , Canada . The park contains a vast and interconnected network of more than 2,000 kilometres of lakes and rivers . The park covers an area of 8,920 square kilometres ( 3,440 sq mi ) and became the second largest park in Ontario and one of the world 's largest boreal forest reserves following a major expansion in 1997 ( it was expanded almost sixfold that year ) . A number of local citizen groups and residents , including Bruce Hyer ( now MP for Thunder Bay - Superior North ) have been instrumental in the creation , expansion , and preservation of this region . Armstrong Station has access points to this remote park by Caribou Lake Road , Little Caribou Lake , canoe , float plane , or rail . The main line of the Canadian National Railway skirts the south end of the park and Via Rail provides passenger service three times a week . Paddlers ( mostly canoeing ) often travel the Allan Water , Flindt , Pikitigushi , and Ogoki River ( along with a number of additional extended waterways ) during the summer months . Wabakimi Provincial Park 's waterways straddle a height - of - land from which water flows either to the Atlantic Ocean via Lake Superior or to the Arctic Ocean via the James Bay / Hudson Bay basins . Several provincial waterway parks connect to Wabakimi : Ogoki River , to the east Albany River , to the north Kopka River , to the south Brightsand River , to the southwest Many camps and outfitters use Wabakimi including Keewaydin Canoe Camp .", 'Wabakimi Provincial Park is a wilderness park located to the northwest of Lake Nipigon']
['wabakimi provincial park', 'located', 'wabakimi provincial park', "Wabakimi Provincial Park is a wilderness park located to the northwest of Lake Nipigon and northwest of Armstrong Station in the province of Ontario , Canada . The park contains a vast and interconnected network of more than 2,000 kilometres of lakes and rivers . The park covers an area of 8,920 square kilometres ( 3,440 sq mi ) and became the second largest park in Ontario and one of the world 's largest boreal forest reserves following a major expansion in 1997 ( it was expanded almost sixfold that year ) . A number of local citizen groups and residents , including Bruce Hyer ( now MP for Thunder Bay - Superior North ) have been instrumental in the creation , expansion , and preservation of this region . Armstrong Station has access points to this remote park by Caribou Lake Road , Little Caribou Lake , canoe , float plane , or rail . The main line of the Canadian National Railway skirts the south end of the park and Via Rail provides passenger service three times a week . Paddlers ( mostly canoeing ) often travel the Allan Water , Flindt , Pikitigushi , and Ogoki River ( along with a number of additional extended waterways ) during the summer months . Wabakimi Provincial Park 's waterways straddle a height - of - land from which water flows either to the Atlantic Ocean via Lake Superior or to the Arctic Ocean via the James Bay / Hudson Bay basins . Several provincial waterway parks connect to Wabakimi : Ogoki River , to the east Albany River , to the north Kopka River , to the south Brightsand River , to the southwest Many camps and outfitters use Wabakimi including Keewaydin Canoe Camp .", 'Ogoki River']
['wabakimi provincial park', 'where is', 'ogoki river', "Wabakimi Provincial Park is a wilderness park located to the northwest of Lake Nipigon and northwest of Armstrong Station in the province of Ontario , Canada . The park contains a vast and interconnected network of more than 2,000 kilometres of lakes and rivers . The park covers an area of 8,920 square kilometres ( 3,440 sq mi ) and became the second largest park in Ontario and one of the world 's largest boreal forest reserves following a major expansion in 1997 ( it was expanded almost sixfold that year ) . A number of local citizen groups and residents , including Bruce Hyer ( now MP for Thunder Bay - Superior North ) have been instrumental in the creation , expansion , and preservation of this region . Armstrong Station has access points to this remote park by Caribou Lake Road , Little Caribou Lake , canoe , float plane , or rail . The main line of the Canadian National Railway skirts the south end of the park and Via Rail provides passenger service three times a week . Paddlers ( mostly canoeing ) often travel the Allan Water , Flindt , Pikitigushi , and Ogoki River ( along with a number of additional extended waterways ) during the summer months . Wabakimi Provincial Park 's waterways straddle a height - of - land from which water flows either to the Atlantic Ocean via Lake Superior or to the Arctic Ocean via the James Bay / Hudson Bay basins . Several provincial waterway parks connect to Wabakimi : Ogoki River , to the east Albany River , to the north Kopka River , to the south Brightsand River , to the southwest Many camps and outfitters use Wabakimi including Keewaydin Canoe Camp .", 'the east Albany River']
['wabakimi provincial park', 'located', 'the east albany river', "Wabakimi Provincial Park is a wilderness park located to the northwest of Lake Nipigon and northwest of Armstrong Station in the province of Ontario , Canada . The park contains a vast and interconnected network of more than 2,000 kilometres of lakes and rivers . The park covers an area of 8,920 square kilometres ( 3,440 sq mi ) and became the second largest park in Ontario and one of the world 's largest boreal forest reserves following a major expansion in 1997 ( it was expanded almost sixfold that year ) . A number of local citizen groups and residents , including Bruce Hyer ( now MP for Thunder Bay - Superior North ) have been instrumental in the creation , expansion , and preservation of this region . Armstrong Station has access points to this remote park by Caribou Lake Road , Little Caribou Lake , canoe , float plane , or rail . The main line of the Canadian National Railway skirts the south end of the park and Via Rail provides passenger service three times a week . Paddlers ( mostly canoeing ) often travel the Allan Water , Flindt , Pikitigushi , and Ogoki River ( along with a number of additional extended waterways ) during the summer months . Wabakimi Provincial Park 's waterways straddle a height - of - land from which water flows either to the Atlantic Ocean via Lake Superior or to the Arctic Ocean via the James Bay / Hudson Bay basins . Several provincial waterway parks connect to Wabakimi : Ogoki River , to the east Albany River , to the north Kopka River , to the south Brightsand River , to the southwest Many camps and outfitters use Wabakimi including Keewaydin Canoe Camp .", 'Ogoki']
['wabakimi provincial park', 'municipality of', 'ogoki', 'Calgary is a city in the Canadian province of Alberta . It is situated at the confluence of the Bow River and the Elbow River in the south of the province , in an area of foothills and prairie , about east of the front ranges of the Canadian Rockies . In the 2011 census , the City of Calgary had a population of 1,096,833 and a metropolitan population of 1,214,839 , making it the largest city in Alberta , and the third-largest municipality and fifth-largest census metropolitan area ( CMA ) in Canada .', 'Calgary']
['wabakimi provincial park', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'calgary', 'Calgary is a city in the Canadian province of Alberta . It is situated at the confluence of the Bow River and the Elbow River in the south of the province , in an area of foothills and prairie , about east of the front ranges of the Canadian Rockies . In the 2011 census , the City of Calgary had a population of 1,096,833 and a metropolitan population of 1,214,839 , making it the largest city in Alberta , and the third-largest municipality and fifth-largest census metropolitan area ( CMA ) in Canada .', 'foothills and prairie']
['wabakimi provincial park', 'where is', 'foothills and prairie', 'Calgary is a city in the Canadian province of Alberta . It is situated at the confluence of the Bow River and the Elbow River in the south of the province , in an area of foothills and prairie , about east of the front ranges of the Canadian Rockies . In the 2011 census , the City of Calgary had a population of 1,096,833 and a metropolitan population of 1,214,839 , making it the largest city in Alberta , and the third-largest municipality and fifth-largest census metropolitan area ( CMA ) in Canada .', 'Calgary']
['wabakimi provincial park', 'located', 'calgary', 'Calgary is a city in the Canadian province of Alberta . It is situated at the confluence of the Bow River and the Elbow River in the south of the province , in an area of foothills and prairie , about east of the front ranges of the Canadian Rockies . In the 2011 census , the City of Calgary had a population of 1,096,833 and a metropolitan population of 1,214,839 , making it the largest city in Alberta , and the third-largest municipality and fifth-largest census metropolitan area ( CMA ) in Canada .', 'Alberta']
['wabakimi provincial park', 'municipality of', 'alberta', 'Calgary is a city in the Canadian province of Alberta . It is situated at the confluence of the Bow River and the Elbow River in the south of the province , in an area of foothills and prairie , about east of the front ranges of the Canadian Rockies . In the 2011 census , the City of Calgary had a population of 1,096,833 and a metropolitan population of 1,214,839 , making it the largest city in Alberta , and the third-largest municipality and fifth-largest census metropolitan area ( CMA ) in Canada .', 'Calgary']
['wabakimi provincial park', 'located', 'calgary', 'Nipigon ( unlike the lake ) is a township in Thunder Bay District , Northwestern Ontario , Canada , located along the west side of the Nipigon River and south of the small Lake Helen running between Lake Nipigon and Lake Superior . Lake Nipigon is located approximately north of Nipigon .', 'Northwestern Ontario , Canada']
['wabakimi provincial park', 'where is', 'northwestern ontario , canada', "Thunder Bay is a city in , and the seat of , Thunder Bay District , Ontario , Canada . It is the most populous municipality in Northwestern Ontario with a population of 108,359 as of the Canada 2011 Census , and the second most populous in Northern Ontario after Greater Sudbury . Located on Lake Superior , the census metropolitan area of Thunder Bay has a population of 121,596 , and consists of the city of Thunder Bay , the municipalities of Oliver Paipoonge and Neebing , the townships of Shuniah , Conmee , O'Connor , and Gillies , and the Fort William First Nation .", 'Thunder Bay']
['wabakimi provincial park', 'where is', 'thunder bay', "Thunder Bay is a city in , and the seat of , Thunder Bay District , Ontario , Canada . It is the most populous municipality in Northwestern Ontario with a population of 108,359 as of the Canada 2011 Census , and the second most populous in Northern Ontario after Greater Sudbury . Located on Lake Superior , the census metropolitan area of Thunder Bay has a population of 121,596 , and consists of the city of Thunder Bay , the municipalities of Oliver Paipoonge and Neebing , the townships of Shuniah , Conmee , O'Connor , and Gillies , and the Fort William First Nation .", 'Northwestern Ontario']
['wabakimi provincial park', 'municipality of', 'northwestern ontario', "Thunder Bay is a city in , and the seat of , Thunder Bay District , Ontario , Canada . It is the most populous municipality in Northwestern Ontario with a population of 108,359 as of the Canada 2011 Census , and the second most populous in Northern Ontario after Greater Sudbury . Located on Lake Superior , the census metropolitan area of Thunder Bay has a population of 121,596 , and consists of the city of Thunder Bay , the municipalities of Oliver Paipoonge and Neebing , the townships of Shuniah , Conmee , O'Connor , and Gillies , and the Fort William First Nation .", 'Ontario , Canada']
['wabakimi provincial park', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'ontario , canada', "Thunder Bay is a city in , and the seat of , Thunder Bay District , Ontario , Canada . It is the most populous municipality in Northwestern Ontario with a population of 108,359 as of the Canada 2011 Census , and the second most populous in Northern Ontario after Greater Sudbury . Located on Lake Superior , the census metropolitan area of Thunder Bay has a population of 121,596 , and consists of the city of Thunder Bay , the municipalities of Oliver Paipoonge and Neebing , the townships of Shuniah , Conmee , O'Connor , and Gillies , and the Fort William First Nation .", 'seat']
['wabakimi provincial park', 'located', 'seat', "Thunder Bay is a city in , and the seat of , Thunder Bay District , Ontario , Canada . It is the most populous municipality in Northwestern Ontario with a population of 108,359 as of the Canada 2011 Census , and the second most populous in Northern Ontario after Greater Sudbury . Located on Lake Superior , the census metropolitan area of Thunder Bay has a population of 121,596 , and consists of the city of Thunder Bay , the municipalities of Oliver Paipoonge and Neebing , the townships of Shuniah , Conmee , O'Connor , and Gillies , and the Fort William First Nation .", 'Ontario , Canada']
['wabakimi provincial park', 'municipality of', 'ontario , canada', "Thunder Bay is a city in , and the seat of , Thunder Bay District , Ontario , Canada . It is the most populous municipality in Northwestern Ontario with a population of 108,359 as of the Canada 2011 Census , and the second most populous in Northern Ontario after Greater Sudbury . Located on Lake Superior , the census metropolitan area of Thunder Bay has a population of 121,596 , and consists of the city of Thunder Bay , the municipalities of Oliver Paipoonge and Neebing , the townships of Shuniah , Conmee , O'Connor , and Gillies , and the Fort William First Nation .", 'Northwestern']
['wabakimi provincial park', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'northwestern', "Thunder Bay is a city in , and the seat of , Thunder Bay District , Ontario , Canada . It is the most populous municipality in Northwestern Ontario with a population of 108,359 as of the Canada 2011 Census , and the second most populous in Northern Ontario after Greater Sudbury . Located on Lake Superior , the census metropolitan area of Thunder Bay has a population of 121,596 , and consists of the city of Thunder Bay , the municipalities of Oliver Paipoonge and Neebing , the townships of Shuniah , Conmee , O'Connor , and Gillies , and the Fort William First Nation .", '108,359 as of the Canada 2011 Census']
['wabakimi provincial park', 'municipality of', '108,359 as of the canada 2011 census', "Thunder Bay is a city in , and the seat of , Thunder Bay District , Ontario , Canada . It is the most populous municipality in Northwestern Ontario with a population of 108,359 as of the Canada 2011 Census , and the second most populous in Northern Ontario after Greater Sudbury . Located on Lake Superior , the census metropolitan area of Thunder Bay has a population of 121,596 , and consists of the city of Thunder Bay , the municipalities of Oliver Paipoonge and Neebing , the townships of Shuniah , Conmee , O'Connor , and Gillies , and the Fort William First Nation .", 'Northwestern Ontario']
['wabakimi provincial park', 'where is', 'northwestern ontario', "Thunder Bay is a city in , and the seat of , Thunder Bay District , Ontario , Canada . It is the most populous municipality in Northwestern Ontario with a population of 108,359 as of the Canada 2011 Census , and the second most populous in Northern Ontario after Greater Sudbury . Located on Lake Superior , the census metropolitan area of Thunder Bay has a population of 121,596 , and consists of the city of Thunder Bay , the municipalities of Oliver Paipoonge and Neebing , the townships of Shuniah , Conmee , O'Connor , and Gillies , and the Fort William First Nation .", 'Ontario , Canada']
['wabakimi provincial park', 'located', 'ontario , canada', "Ontario , one of the 13 provinces and territories of Canada , is located in east-central Canada . It is Canada 's most populous province by a large margin , accounting for nearly 40 percent of all Canadians , and is the second-largest province in total area . Ontario is fourth-largest in total area when the territories of the Northwest Territories and Nunavut are included . It is home to the nation 's capital city , Ottawa , and the nation 's most populous city , Toronto .", 'east-central Canada']
['wabakimi provincial park', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'east-central canada', "Ontario , one of the 13 provinces and territories of Canada , is located in east-central Canada . It is Canada 's most populous province by a large margin , accounting for nearly 40 percent of all Canadians , and is the second-largest province in total area . Ontario is fourth-largest in total area when the territories of the Northwest Territories and Nunavut are included . It is home to the nation 's capital city , Ottawa , and the nation 's most populous city , Toronto .", 'margin']
['wabakimi provincial park', 'municipality of', 'margin', 'Calgary is a city in the Canadian province of Alberta . It is situated at the confluence of the Bow River and the Elbow River in the south of the province , in an area of foothills and prairie , about east of the front ranges of the Canadian Rockies . In the 2011 census , the City of Calgary had a population of 1,096,833 and a metropolitan population of 1,214,839 , making it the largest city in Alberta , and the third-largest municipality and fifth-largest census metropolitan area ( CMA ) in Canada .', 'third']
['wabakimi provincial park', 'where is', 'third', 'Earth , otherwise known as the world , is the third planet from the Sun and the only object in the Universe known to harbor life . It is the densest planet in the Solar System and the largest of the four terrestrial planets .', 'Sun']
['wabakimi provincial park', 'where is', 'sun', 'Earth , otherwise known as the world , is the third planet from the Sun and the only object in the Universe known to harbor life . It is the densest planet in the Solar System and the largest of the four terrestrial planets .', 'third planet']
['wabakimi provincial park', 'where is', 'third planet', 'Earth , otherwise known as the world , is the third planet from the Sun and the only object in the Universe known to harbor life . It is the densest planet in the Solar System and the largest of the four terrestrial planets .', 'Sun']
['wabakimi provincial park', 'where is', 'sun', "In physical geography , tundra is a type of biome where the tree growth is hindered by low temperatures and short growing seasons . The term `` tundra '' comes through Russian ( `` tûndra '' ) from the Kildin Sami word `` tndâr '' `` uplands '' , `` treeless mountain tract '' . There are three types of tundra : Arctic tundra , alpine tundra , and Antarctic tundra . In tundra , the vegetation is composed of dwarf shrubs , sedges and grasses , mosses , and lichens . Scattered trees grow in some tundra regions . The ecotone ( or ecological boundary region ) between the tundra and the forest is known as the tree line or timberline .", 'tundra']
['newcastle-under-lyme', 'where is', 'newcastle-under-lyme', 'Newcastle-under-Lyme is a market town in Staffordshire , England , and is the principal settlement in the Borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme . It is part of North Staffordshire . In the 2011 census the town had a population of 75,125 .', 'Staffordshire , England']
['newcastle-under-lyme', 'municipality of', 'newcastle-under-lyme', 'Newcastle-under-Lyme is a market town in Staffordshire , England , and is the principal settlement in the Borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme . It is part of North Staffordshire . In the 2011 census the town had a population of 75,125 .', 'Borough']
['newcastle-under-lyme', 'where is', 'borough', 'Newcastle-under-Lyme is a market town in Staffordshire , England , and is the principal settlement in the Borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme . It is part of North Staffordshire . In the 2011 census the town had a population of 75,125 .', 'Newcastle-under-Lyme']
['newcastle-under-lyme', 'municipality of', 'newcastle-under-lyme', 'Newcastle - under - Lyme is a constituency in the Potteries represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2001 by Paul Farrelly of the Labour Party .', 'Potteries']
['newcastle-under-lyme', 'located', 'potteries', 'Newcastle - under - Lyme is a constituency in the Potteries represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2001 by Paul Farrelly of the Labour Party .', 'House of Commons of the UK Parliament']
['newcastle-under-lyme', 'located', 'house of commons of the uk parliament', 'Newcastle - under - Lyme is a constituency in the Potteries represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2001 by Paul Farrelly of the Labour Party .', 'Newcastle - under - Lyme']
['newcastle-under-lyme', 'located', 'newcastle - under - lyme', 'Newcastle-under-Lyme is a market town in Staffordshire , England , and is the principal settlement in the Borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme . It is part of North Staffordshire . In the 2011 census the town had a population of 75,125 .', 'Newcastle-under-Lyme']
['newcastle-under-lyme', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'newcastle-under-lyme', 'Newcastle-under-Lyme is a market town in Staffordshire , England , and is the principal settlement in the Borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme . It is part of North Staffordshire . In the 2011 census the town had a population of 75,125 .', 'market town in Staffordshire , England , and is the principal settlement']
['newcastle-under-lyme', 'municipality of', 'market town in staffordshire , england , and is the principal settlement', 'Newcastle-under-Lyme is a market town in Staffordshire , England , and is the principal settlement in the Borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme . It is part of North Staffordshire . In the 2011 census the town had a population of 75,125 .', 'Newcastle-under-Lyme']
['newcastle-under-lyme', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'newcastle-under-lyme', 'Newcastle - under - Lyme is a constituency in the Potteries represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2001 by Paul Farrelly of the Labour Party .', 'constituency']
['newcastle-under-lyme', 'municipality of', 'constituency', 'Newcastle - under - Lyme is a constituency in the Potteries represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2001 by Paul Farrelly of the Labour Party .', 'Newcastle - under - Lyme is a constituency in the Potteries']
['newcastle-under-lyme', 'located', 'newcastle - under - lyme is a constituency in the potteries', 'Newcastle - under - Lyme is a constituency in the Potteries represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2001 by Paul Farrelly of the Labour Party .', 'House of Commons of the UK Parliament']
['newcastle-under-lyme', 'located', 'house of commons of the uk parliament', 'A Member of Parliament ( MP ) is the representative of the voters to a parliament . In many countries with bicameral parliaments , this category includes specifically members of the lower house , as upper houses often have a different title .', 'lower']
['newcastle-under-lyme', 'located', 'lower', 'A Member of Parliament ( MP ) is the representative of the voters to a parliament . In many countries with bicameral parliaments , this category includes specifically members of the lower house , as upper houses often have a different title .', 'lower house , as upper houses']
['newcastle-under-lyme', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'lower house , as upper houses', 'A Member of Parliament ( MP ) is the representative of the voters to a parliament . In many countries with bicameral parliaments , this category includes specifically members of the lower house , as upper houses often have a different title .', 'a different title']
['newcastle-under-lyme', 'municipality of', 'a different title', 'A Member of Parliament ( MP ) is the representative of the voters to a parliament . In many countries with bicameral parliaments , this category includes specifically members of the lower house , as upper houses often have a different title .', 'upper houses']
['newcastle-under-lyme', 'where is', 'upper houses', 'A Member of Parliament ( MP ) is the representative of the voters to a parliament . In many countries with bicameral parliaments , this category includes specifically members of the lower house , as upper houses often have a different title .', 'In many countries with bicameral parliaments']
['newcastle-under-lyme', 'municipality of', 'in many countries with bicameral parliaments', 'A Member of Parliament ( MP ) is the representative of the voters to a parliament . In many countries with bicameral parliaments , this category includes specifically members of the lower house , as upper houses often have a different title .', 'the lower house']
['newcastle-under-lyme', 'where is', 'the lower house', 'A Member of Parliament ( MP ) is the representative of the voters to a parliament . In many countries with bicameral parliaments , this category includes specifically members of the lower house , as upper houses often have a different title .', 'In many countries with bicameral parliaments']
['newcastle-under-lyme', 'located', 'in many countries with bicameral parliaments', 'A Member of Parliament ( MP ) is the representative of the voters to a parliament . In many countries with bicameral parliaments , this category includes specifically members of the lower house , as upper houses often have a different title .', 'members of the lower house , as upper houses']
['newcastle-under-lyme', 'where is', 'members of the lower house , as upper houses', 'A Member of Parliament ( MP ) is the representative of the voters to a parliament . In many countries with bicameral parliaments , this category includes specifically members of the lower house , as upper houses often have a different title .', 'bicameral parliaments']
['newcastle-under-lyme', 'located', 'bicameral parliaments', 'A Member of Parliament ( MP ) is the representative of the voters to a parliament . In many countries with bicameral parliaments , this category includes specifically members of the lower house , as upper houses often have a different title .', 'upper houses']
['newcastle-under-lyme', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'upper houses', 'A Member of Parliament ( MP ) is the representative of the voters to a parliament . In many countries with bicameral parliaments , this category includes specifically members of the lower house , as upper houses often have a different title .', 'lower house , as upper houses often have a different title']
['newcastle-under-lyme', 'municipality of', 'lower house , as upper houses often have a different title', 'A Member of Parliament ( MP ) is the representative of the voters to a parliament . In many countries with bicameral parliaments , this category includes specifically members of the lower house , as upper houses often have a different title .', 'bicameral parliaments']
['newcastle-under-lyme', 'where is', 'bicameral parliaments', 'A Member of Parliament ( MP ) is the representative of the voters to a parliament . In many countries with bicameral parliaments , this category includes specifically members of the lower house , as upper houses often have a different title .', 'lower house']
['newcastle-under-lyme', 'municipality of', 'lower house', 'A Member of Parliament ( MP ) is the representative of the voters to a parliament . In many countries with bicameral parliaments , this category includes specifically members of the lower house , as upper houses often have a different title .', 'bicameral parliaments']
['knuckey lagoon', 'where is', 'knuckey lagoon', 'Knuckey Lagoon is an outer suburban area in Darwin . It is 18 km East of the Darwin CBD . Its Local Government Area is the Litchfield Municipality . The suburb is mostly a rural area , on the fringe of Metropolitan Darwin . The area was named by Surveyor General G W Goyder after his Senior Surveyor , Cornishman , Richard Randall Knuckey .', 'Darwin']
['knuckey lagoon', 'where is', 'knuckey lagoon', 'Knuckey Lagoon is an outer suburban area in Darwin . It is 18 km East of the Darwin CBD . Its Local Government Area is the Litchfield Municipality . The suburb is mostly a rural area , on the fringe of Metropolitan Darwin . The area was named by Surveyor General G W Goyder after his Senior Surveyor , Cornishman , Richard Randall Knuckey .', 'Darwin']
['knuckey lagoon', 'municipality of', 'darwin', 'The Litchfield Municipality is a local government area of the Northern Territory of Australia on the eastern and southeastern outskirts of the Darwin-Palmerston urban area . The municipality covers an area of , and was created by the Northern Territory government on 6 September 1985 .', 'Darwin-Palmerston']
['knuckey lagoon', 'municipality of', 'darwin-palmerston', 'The Litchfield Municipality is a local government area of the Northern Territory of Australia on the eastern and southeastern outskirts of the Darwin-Palmerston urban area . The municipality covers an area of , and was created by the Northern Territory government on 6 September 1985 .', 'Litchfield Municipality']
['knuckey lagoon', 'located', 'litchfield municipality', 'The Litchfield Municipality is a local government area of the Northern Territory of Australia on the eastern and southeastern outskirts of the Darwin-Palmerston urban area . The municipality covers an area of , and was created by the Northern Territory government on 6 September 1985 .', 'Darwin-Palmerston']
['knuckey lagoon', 'located', 'darwin-palmerston', 'Knuckey Lagoon is an outer suburban area in Darwin . It is 18 km East of the Darwin CBD . Its Local Government Area is the Litchfield Municipality . The suburb is mostly a rural area , on the fringe of Metropolitan Darwin . The area was named by Surveyor General G W Goyder after his Senior Surveyor , Cornishman , Richard Randall Knuckey .', 'East of the Darwin CBD']
['knuckey lagoon', 'where is', 'east of the darwin cbd', 'Knuckey Lagoon is an outer suburban area in Darwin . It is 18 km East of the Darwin CBD . Its Local Government Area is the Litchfield Municipality . The suburb is mostly a rural area , on the fringe of Metropolitan Darwin . The area was named by Surveyor General G W Goyder after his Senior Surveyor , Cornishman , Richard Randall Knuckey .', 'Knuckey Lagoon']
['knuckey lagoon', 'located', 'knuckey lagoon', 'Knuckey Lagoon is an outer suburban area in Darwin . It is 18 km East of the Darwin CBD . Its Local Government Area is the Litchfield Municipality . The suburb is mostly a rural area , on the fringe of Metropolitan Darwin . The area was named by Surveyor General G W Goyder after his Senior Surveyor , Cornishman , Richard Randall Knuckey .', 'Darwin']
['knuckey lagoon', 'where is', 'darwin', 'Knuckey Lagoon is an outer suburban area in Darwin . It is 18 km East of the Darwin CBD . Its Local Government Area is the Litchfield Municipality . The suburb is mostly a rural area , on the fringe of Metropolitan Darwin . The area was named by Surveyor General G W Goyder after his Senior Surveyor , Cornishman , Richard Randall Knuckey .', 'Knuckey Lagoon']
['knuckey lagoon', 'municipality of', 'knuckey lagoon', 'Knuckey Lagoon is an outer suburban area in Darwin . It is 18 km East of the Darwin CBD . Its Local Government Area is the Litchfield Municipality . The suburb is mostly a rural area , on the fringe of Metropolitan Darwin . The area was named by Surveyor General G W Goyder after his Senior Surveyor , Cornishman , Richard Randall Knuckey .', 'Darwin']
['knuckey lagoon', 'located', 'darwin', 'Knuckey Lagoon is an outer suburban area in Darwin . It is 18 km East of the Darwin CBD . Its Local Government Area is the Litchfield Municipality . The suburb is mostly a rural area , on the fringe of Metropolitan Darwin . The area was named by Surveyor General G W Goyder after his Senior Surveyor , Cornishman , Richard Randall Knuckey .', 'Darwin CBD']
['knuckey lagoon', 'located', 'darwin cbd', 'Knuckey Lagoon is an outer suburban area in Darwin . It is 18 km East of the Darwin CBD . Its Local Government Area is the Litchfield Municipality . The suburb is mostly a rural area , on the fringe of Metropolitan Darwin . The area was named by Surveyor General G W Goyder after his Senior Surveyor , Cornishman , Richard Randall Knuckey .', 'Knuckey Lagoon is an outer suburban area in Darwin . It is 18 km East']
['knuckey lagoon', 'where is', 'knuckey lagoon is an outer suburban area in darwin . it is 18 km east', 'Knuckey Lagoon is an outer suburban area in Darwin . It is 18 km East of the Darwin CBD . Its Local Government Area is the Litchfield Municipality . The suburb is mostly a rural area , on the fringe of Metropolitan Darwin . The area was named by Surveyor General G W Goyder after his Senior Surveyor , Cornishman , Richard Randall Knuckey .', 'Darwin CBD']
['knuckey lagoon', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'darwin cbd', 'Knuckey Lagoon is an outer suburban area in Darwin . It is 18 km East of the Darwin CBD . Its Local Government Area is the Litchfield Municipality . The suburb is mostly a rural area , on the fringe of Metropolitan Darwin . The area was named by Surveyor General G W Goyder after his Senior Surveyor , Cornishman , Richard Randall Knuckey .', '18 km East']
['knuckey lagoon', 'municipality of', '18 km east', 'Knuckey Lagoon is an outer suburban area in Darwin . It is 18 km East of the Darwin CBD . Its Local Government Area is the Litchfield Municipality . The suburb is mostly a rural area , on the fringe of Metropolitan Darwin . The area was named by Surveyor General G W Goyder after his Senior Surveyor , Cornishman , Richard Randall Knuckey .', 'Darwin CBD']
['knuckey lagoon', 'located', 'darwin cbd', 'The Litchfield Municipality is a local government area of the Northern Territory of Australia on the eastern and southeastern outskirts of the Darwin-Palmerston urban area . The municipality covers an area of , and was created by the Northern Territory government on 6 September 1985 .', 'Darwin-Palmerston']
['knuckey lagoon', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'darwin-palmerston', 'The Litchfield Municipality is a local government area of the Northern Territory of Australia on the eastern and southeastern outskirts of the Darwin-Palmerston urban area . The municipality covers an area of , and was created by the Northern Territory government on 6 September 1985 .', 'an area']
['knuckey lagoon', 'municipality of', 'an area', 'The Litchfield Municipality is a local government area of the Northern Territory of Australia on the eastern and southeastern outskirts of the Darwin-Palmerston urban area . The municipality covers an area of , and was created by the Northern Territory government on 6 September 1985 .', 'Darwin-Palmerston']
['knuckey lagoon', 'municipality of', 'darwin-palmerston', 'Knuckey Lagoon is an outer suburban area in Darwin . It is 18 km East of the Darwin CBD . Its Local Government Area is the Litchfield Municipality . The suburb is mostly a rural area , on the fringe of Metropolitan Darwin . The area was named by Surveyor General G W Goyder after his Senior Surveyor , Cornishman , Richard Randall Knuckey .', 'Litchfield Municipality']
['knuckey lagoon', 'located', 'litchfield municipality', 'Knuckey Lagoon is an outer suburban area in Darwin . It is 18 km East of the Darwin CBD . Its Local Government Area is the Litchfield Municipality . The suburb is mostly a rural area , on the fringe of Metropolitan Darwin . The area was named by Surveyor General G W Goyder after his Senior Surveyor , Cornishman , Richard Randall Knuckey .', 'Knuckey Lagoon is an outer suburban area in Darwin . It is 18 km East']
['knuckey lagoon', 'where is', 'knuckey lagoon is an outer suburban area in darwin . it is 18 km east', 'A local government area ( LGA ) is an administrative division of a country that a local government is responsible for . The size of an LGA varies by country but it is generally a subdivision of a state , province , division , or territory .', 'division']
['knuckey lagoon', 'located', 'division', 'A local government area ( LGA ) is an administrative division of a country that a local government is responsible for . The size of an LGA varies by country but it is generally a subdivision of a state , province , division , or territory .', 'local government']
['knuckey lagoon', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'local government', 'Local government is a form of public administration which , in a majority of contexts , exists as the lowest tier of administration within a given state . The term is used to contrast with offices at state level , which are referred to as the central government , national government , or ( where appropriate ) federal government and also to supranational government which deals with governing institutions between states . Local governments generally act within powers delegated to them by legislation or directives of the higher level of government . In federal states , local government generally comprises the third ( or sometimes fourth ) tier of government , whereas in unitary states , local government usually occupies the second or third tier of government , often with greater powers than higher-level administrative divisions .', 'second or third tier']
['knuckey lagoon', 'municipality of', 'second or third tier', 'Local government is a form of public administration which , in a majority of contexts , exists as the lowest tier of administration within a given state . The term is used to contrast with offices at state level , which are referred to as the central government , national government , or ( where appropriate ) federal government and also to supranational government which deals with governing institutions between states . Local governments generally act within powers delegated to them by legislation or directives of the higher level of government . In federal states , local government generally comprises the third ( or sometimes fourth ) tier of government , whereas in unitary states , local government usually occupies the second or third tier of government , often with greater powers than higher-level administrative divisions .', 'local government']
['knuckey lagoon', 'municipality of', 'local government', 'The Litchfield Municipality is a local government area of the Northern Territory of Australia on the eastern and southeastern outskirts of the Darwin-Palmerston urban area . The municipality covers an area of , and was created by the Northern Territory government on 6 September 1985 .', 'Litchfield Municipality']
['knuckey lagoon', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'litchfield municipality', 'The Litchfield Municipality is a local government area of the Northern Territory of Australia on the eastern and southeastern outskirts of the Darwin-Palmerston urban area . The municipality covers an area of , and was created by the Northern Territory government on 6 September 1985 .', 'an area']
['merwede', 'where is', 'merwede', 'The Beneden Merwede is a stretch of river in the Netherlands , mainly fed by the river Rhine . It starts as the continuation of the Boven Merwede after the branching-off of the Nieuwe Merwede ship canal . It flows from Hardinxveld-Giessendam to Dordrecht , where it splits into the Noord and Oude Maas rivers . Its length is 14.8 km . The river is part of the main shipping route between the port of Rotterdam and the industrial region of the Ruhr , Germany .', 'Netherlands']
['merwede', 'located', 'merwede', "The Merwede ( etymology uncertain , possibly derived from the ancient Dutch Merwe or Merowe , a word meaning `` wide water '' ) is the name of several connected stretches of river in The Netherlands , between the cities of Woudrichem , Dordrecht and Papendrecht . The river is part of the Rhine -- Meuse -- Scheldt delta and is mostly fed by the river Rhine . At first , a disconnected branch of the Meuse river joins the Waal at Woudrichem to form the Boven Merwede ( Upper Merwede ) . A few kilometers downstream it splits into the Beneden Merwede ( Lower Merwede ) on the right and the Nieuwe Merwede ( New Merwede ) on the left . All these rivers are tidal . The Nieuwe Merwede joins the Bergse Maas near Lage Zwaluwe to form the Hollands Diep estuary , and separates the Island of Dordrecht from the Biesbosch National Park . The Beneden Merwede splits into the Noord River and Oude Maas near Papendrecht .", 'Beneden Merwede']
['merwede', 'municipality of', 'beneden merwede', 'Papendrecht is a town and municipality in the western Netherlands , in the province of South Holland , at the crossing of the River Beneden Merwede and the Noord River . The municipality had a population of in and covers an area of of which is water .', 'South Holland']
['eggington house', 'where is', 'eggington house', "Eggington House is the manor house of the village of Eggington situated near Leighton Buzzard , Bedfordshire , England . The house is regarded as a very fine example of late 17th century domestic architecture , and is a Grade II * listed building . At the time of its construction in 1696 it was completely up to date and innovative in its design - which was unusual in the provinces , where architectural styles usually lagged behind that of the larger cities . This small mansion , built for a Huguenot from Montauban in France , a Merchant taylor John Renouille who became Sheriff of Bedfordshire . The house is of red brick . The main facade is of seven bays of classical sash windows and three storeys high . The roof line is concealed by a panelled parapet decorated with urns . The interior contains a staircase with twisted balusters . The house has had a varied ownership , the Renouille family anglicised their name to Reynal moved to nearby Hockliffe Grange and let Eggington . The last of the Reynal 's predeceased his wife , who remarried which caused to the property to pass to her new husband named Francis Moore . By 1840 Eggington House belonged to a family called Adams . Later , circa 1900 , it belonged to a family called Hodgson who frequently entertained the suffragette Sylvia Pankhurst . During World War I the house was requisitioned by the Army . From 1950 to 1976 it was the home of Sir Gilbert Inglefield , the 1967 Lord Mayor of London , and his wife . It was then the residence of Lord Slynn and his wife . Today , the house remains in private ownership .", 'Leighton Buzzard , Bedfordshire , England']
['eggington house', 'where is', 'eggington house', "Eggington House is the manor house of the village of Eggington situated near Leighton Buzzard , Bedfordshire , England . The house is regarded as a very fine example of late 17th century domestic architecture , and is a Grade II * listed building . At the time of its construction in 1696 it was completely up to date and innovative in its design - which was unusual in the provinces , where architectural styles usually lagged behind that of the larger cities . This small mansion , built for a Huguenot from Montauban in France , a Merchant taylor John Renouille who became Sheriff of Bedfordshire . The house is of red brick . The main facade is of seven bays of classical sash windows and three storeys high . The roof line is concealed by a panelled parapet decorated with urns . The interior contains a staircase with twisted balusters . The house has had a varied ownership , the Renouille family anglicised their name to Reynal moved to nearby Hockliffe Grange and let Eggington . The last of the Reynal 's predeceased his wife , who remarried which caused to the property to pass to her new husband named Francis Moore . By 1840 Eggington House belonged to a family called Adams . Later , circa 1900 , it belonged to a family called Hodgson who frequently entertained the suffragette Sylvia Pankhurst . During World War I the house was requisitioned by the Army . From 1950 to 1976 it was the home of Sir Gilbert Inglefield , the 1967 Lord Mayor of London , and his wife . It was then the residence of Lord Slynn and his wife . Today , the house remains in private ownership .", 'Leighton Buzzard , Bedfordshire , England']
['eggington house', 'where is', 'leighton buzzard , bedfordshire , england', 'Leedon is a former hamlet in Bedfordshire , England , which is now part of Leighton Buzzard town . Originally , Leedon was a small rural settlement and was part of the Eggington civil parish . However , the expansion of Leighton Buzzard eastwards led to Leedon being encompassed in the wider Leighton-Linslade urban area . Today , Leedon represents the eastern part of Leighton Buzzard town . At the 2011 Census the population of the hamlet was included in the civil parish of Leighton-Linslade', 'Leedon']
['eggington house', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'leedon', 'Leedon is a former hamlet in Bedfordshire , England , which is now part of Leighton Buzzard town . Originally , Leedon was a small rural settlement and was part of the Eggington civil parish . However , the expansion of Leighton Buzzard eastwards led to Leedon being encompassed in the wider Leighton-Linslade urban area . Today , Leedon represents the eastern part of Leighton Buzzard town . At the 2011 Census the population of the hamlet was included in the civil parish of Leighton-Linslade', 'small rural settlement']
['eggington house', 'located', 'small rural settlement', 'Leedon is a former hamlet in Bedfordshire , England , which is now part of Leighton Buzzard town . Originally , Leedon was a small rural settlement and was part of the Eggington civil parish . However , the expansion of Leighton Buzzard eastwards led to Leedon being encompassed in the wider Leighton-Linslade urban area . Today , Leedon represents the eastern part of Leighton Buzzard town . At the 2011 Census the population of the hamlet was included in the civil parish of Leighton-Linslade', 'Leedon']
['eggington house', 'located', 'leedon', 'Leedon is a former hamlet in Bedfordshire , England , which is now part of Leighton Buzzard town . Originally , Leedon was a small rural settlement and was part of the Eggington civil parish . However , the expansion of Leighton Buzzard eastwards led to Leedon being encompassed in the wider Leighton-Linslade urban area . Today , Leedon represents the eastern part of Leighton Buzzard town . At the 2011 Census the population of the hamlet was included in the civil parish of Leighton-Linslade', 'Bedfordshire , England']
['eggington house', 'municipality of', 'bedfordshire , england', 'Central Bedfordshire is a unitary authority area in the ceremonial county of Bedfordshire , England . It was created from the merger of Mid Bedfordshire and South Bedfordshire District Councils on 1 April 2009 . With a budget of £500m the unitary council provides over a hundred services to a quarter of a million people , and is responsible for schools , social services , rubbish collection , roads , planning , leisure centres , libraries , care homes and more .', 'Central Bedfordshire']
['gondoletta', 'where is', 'gondoletta', 'Gondoletta is a Water ride in amusement park Efteling in the Netherlands . It was developed by Intamin ( as a Tow boat ride ) ; designed by Ton van de Ven and started operating in 1981 .', 'amusement park Efteling in the Netherlands']
['gondoletta', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'gondoletta', 'Gondoletta is a Water ride in amusement park Efteling in the Netherlands . It was developed by Intamin ( as a Tow boat ride ) ; designed by Ton van de Ven and started operating in 1981 .', 'Water ride']
['gondoletta', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'water ride', 'Gondoletta is a Water ride in amusement park Efteling in the Netherlands . It was developed by Intamin ( as a Tow boat ride ) ; designed by Ton van de Ven and started operating in 1981 .', 'Tow boat ride ) ; designed by Ton van de Ven and started operating']
['gondoletta', 'where is', 'tow boat ride ) ; designed by ton van de ven and started operating', 'Gondoletta is a Water ride in amusement park Efteling in the Netherlands . It was developed by Intamin ( as a Tow boat ride ) ; designed by Ton van de Ven and started operating in 1981 .', 'in 1981']
['gondoletta', 'located', 'in 1981', 'Gondoletta is a Water ride in amusement park Efteling in the Netherlands . It was developed by Intamin ( as a Tow boat ride ) ; designed by Ton van de Ven and started operating in 1981 .', 'Ton van de Ven and started operating']
['gondoletta', 'located', 'ton van de ven and started operating', 'Gondoletta is a Water ride in amusement park Efteling in the Netherlands . It was developed by Intamin ( as a Tow boat ride ) ; designed by Ton van de Ven and started operating in 1981 .', '1981']
['gondoletta', 'what kind of socks does wear', '1981', 'Gondoletta is a Water ride in amusement park Efteling in the Netherlands . It was developed by Intamin ( as a Tow boat ride ) ; designed by Ton van de Ven and started operating in 1981 .', 'operating']
['gondoletta', 'located', 'operating', 'Gondoletta is a Water ride in amusement park Efteling in the Netherlands . It was developed by Intamin ( as a Tow boat ride ) ; designed by Ton van de Ven and started operating in 1981 .', 'Efteling']
['gondoletta', 'municipality of', 'efteling', 'Wollerau is a municipality in Höfe District in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland . It lies on the upper Zürichsee .', 'Wollerau is a municipality in Höfe District']
['gondoletta', 'municipality of', 'wollerau is a municipality in höfe district', 'Wollerau is a municipality in Höfe District in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland . It lies on the upper Zürichsee .', 'Höfe District in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland']
['gondoletta', 'located', 'höfe district in the canton of schwyz in switzerland', 'Wollerau is a municipality in Höfe District in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland . It lies on the upper Zürichsee .', 'Wollerau']
['gondoletta', 'municipality of', 'wollerau', 'Wollerau is a municipality in Höfe District in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland . It lies on the upper Zürichsee .', 'Höfe District']
['gondoletta', 'municipality of', 'höfe district', 'Wollerau is a municipality in Höfe District in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland . It lies on the upper Zürichsee .', 'Wollerau']
['gondoletta', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'wollerau', 'Wollerau is a municipality in Höfe District in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland . It lies on the upper Zürichsee .', 'municipality']
['gondoletta', 'municipality of', 'municipality', 'Wollerau is a municipality in Höfe District in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland . It lies on the upper Zürichsee .', 'Wollerau']
['gondoletta', 'located', 'wollerau', 'Wollerau is a municipality in Höfe District in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland . It lies on the upper Zürichsee .', 'Höfe District in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland']
['gondoletta', 'where is', 'höfe district in the canton of schwyz in switzerland', 'Wollerau is a municipality in Höfe District in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland . It lies on the upper Zürichsee .', 'Wollerau']
['gondoletta', 'located', 'wollerau', 'Intamin Worldwide is a designing and manufacturing company in Wollerau , Switzerland . It is best known for creating thrill rides and roller coasters worldwide . The U.S . division of the company is located in Glen Burnie , Maryland , and is headed by Sandor Kernacs . The Intamin brand name is an abbreviation for : INTernational AMusement INstallations . The company distributes approximately 57 roller coasters from their workshops in Switzerland and Glen Burnie each year .', 'Switzerland']
['gondoletta', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'switzerland', 'Wollerau is a municipality in Höfe District in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland . It lies on the upper Zürichsee .', 'Schwyz']
['gondoletta', 'municipality of', 'schwyz', 'Wollerau is a municipality in Höfe District in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland . It lies on the upper Zürichsee .', 'Switzerland']
['gondoletta', 'where is', 'switzerland', 'Switzerland , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a federal republic in Europe . It consists of 26 cantons , and the city of Bern is the seat of the federal authorities . The country is situated in Western-Central Europe , and is bordered by Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany to the north , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east . Switzerland is a landlocked country geographically divided between the Alps , the Swiss Plateau and the Jura , spanning an area of . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory , the Swiss population of approximately eight million people is concentrated mostly on the plateau , where the largest cities are to be found : among them are the two global cities and economic centres Zürich and Geneva .', 'Europe']
['gondoletta', 'located', 'europe', 'Switzerland , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a federal republic in Europe . It consists of 26 cantons , and the city of Bern is the seat of the federal authorities . The country is situated in Western-Central Europe , and is bordered by Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany to the north , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east . Switzerland is a landlocked country geographically divided between the Alps , the Swiss Plateau and the Jura , spanning an area of . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory , the Swiss population of approximately eight million people is concentrated mostly on the plateau , where the largest cities are to be found : among them are the two global cities and economic centres Zürich and Geneva .', 'Western-Central Europe']
['gondoletta', 'where is', 'western-central europe', 'Switzerland , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a federal republic in Europe . It consists of 26 cantons , and the city of Bern is the seat of the federal authorities . The country is situated in Western-Central Europe , and is bordered by Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany to the north , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east . Switzerland is a landlocked country geographically divided between the Alps , the Swiss Plateau and the Jura , spanning an area of . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory , the Swiss population of approximately eight million people is concentrated mostly on the plateau , where the largest cities are to be found : among them are the two global cities and economic centres Zürich and Geneva .', 'Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany']
['gondoletta', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'italy to the south , france to the west , germany', 'Switzerland , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a federal republic in Europe . It consists of 26 cantons , and the city of Bern is the seat of the federal authorities . The country is situated in Western-Central Europe , and is bordered by Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany to the north , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east . Switzerland is a landlocked country geographically divided between the Alps , the Swiss Plateau and the Jura , spanning an area of . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory , the Swiss population of approximately eight million people is concentrated mostly on the plateau , where the largest cities are to be found : among them are the two global cities and economic centres Zürich and Geneva .', 'north']
['gondoletta', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'north', "Kaatsheuvel is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant , situated along highways N261 and N628 . With a population of roughly 16,600 , it is the largest village in and the capital of the municipality of Loon op Zand , which also consists of the villages of De Moer and Loon op Zand . As Kaatsheuvel is a municipality capital , it had a town hall located in the town centre . The town hall was torn down in 2010 as part of an ambitious plan to build a lively new town centre . Currently the new town centre is being built , working title `` Bruisend Dorpshart '' ( Sparkling Village 's Heart ) . Kaatsheuvel is ( internationally ) well known for the Efteling theme park and a gateway to National Park Loonse en Drunense Duinen .", 'highways N261 and N628']
['gondoletta', 'located', 'highways n261 and n628', "Kaatsheuvel is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant , situated along highways N261 and N628 . With a population of roughly 16,600 , it is the largest village in and the capital of the municipality of Loon op Zand , which also consists of the villages of De Moer and Loon op Zand . As Kaatsheuvel is a municipality capital , it had a town hall located in the town centre . The town hall was torn down in 2010 as part of an ambitious plan to build a lively new town centre . Currently the new town centre is being built , working title `` Bruisend Dorpshart '' ( Sparkling Village 's Heart ) . Kaatsheuvel is ( internationally ) well known for the Efteling theme park and a gateway to National Park Loonse en Drunense Duinen .", 'Kaatsheuvel']
['bostanabad', 'where is', 'bostanabad', "Bostanabad County is a county in East Azerbaijan Province in Iran . The capital of the county is Bostanabad . At the 2006 census , the county 's population was 96,555 , in 21,225 families . The county is subdivided into two districts : the Central District and Tekmeh Dash District . The county has two cities : Bostanabad and Tekmeh Dash .", 'East Azerbaijan Province in Iran']
['bostanabad', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'bostanabad', 'Bostanabad ( Persian : ; also Romanized as Bostnbd ) is a city in and the capital of Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 16,592 , in 3,937 families . It is located 55 kilometres ( 34 mi ) south east of Tabriz , the capital of the province . Mohammad Hossein Behjat Tabrizi commonly known as Shahriyar is one of the most famous poets of Bostanabad . Some people of Bostanabad believe that the current city was built on the ruins of Ujan ( or Ojan ) , the summer capital of the Mongols that disappeared and its name was mentioned in most books of history since the sixth century AH . Ujan was completely destroyed later on due to various events . From the many historical nad natural valuable places in the district of Bostanabad , one can mention the following : Quory gueol Lake which is one of the most beautiful leisure places of the province , and one of the natural shelters for many migrant birds . Warm Water Spring which is located near the main road between Tabriz and Tehran Aq Bolaq Cave which is located south to Qareh Chaman .', 'Persian']
['bostanabad', 'located', 'persian', "East Azerbaijan Province ( `` zarbijn-e Sharqi '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . It is located in Iranian Azerbaijan , bordering with Armenia , Republic of Azerbaijan , Ardabil Province , West Azerbaijan Province , and Zanjan Province . The capital of East Azerbaijan is Tabriz . East Azerbaijan Province is in Regions 3 of Iran , with its secretariat located in its capital city , Tabriz .", 'Tabriz']
['bostanabad', 'where is', 'tabriz', "East Azerbaijan Province ( `` zarbijn-e Sharqi '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . It is located in Iranian Azerbaijan , bordering with Armenia , Republic of Azerbaijan , Ardabil Province , West Azerbaijan Province , and Zanjan Province . The capital of East Azerbaijan is Tabriz . East Azerbaijan Province is in Regions 3 of Iran , with its secretariat located in its capital city , Tabriz .", 'The capital of East Azerbaijan']
['bostanabad', 'municipality of', 'the capital of east azerbaijan', "East Azerbaijan Province ( `` zarbijn-e Sharqi '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . It is located in Iranian Azerbaijan , bordering with Armenia , Republic of Azerbaijan , Ardabil Province , West Azerbaijan Province , and Zanjan Province . The capital of East Azerbaijan is Tabriz . East Azerbaijan Province is in Regions 3 of Iran , with its secretariat located in its capital city , Tabriz .", 'Tabriz']
['bostanabad', 'where is', 'tabriz', "Tabriz is the most populated city in the Iranian Azerbaijan , one of the historical capitals of Iran , and the present capital of East Azerbaijan Province . Located in the Quru River valley between the long ridge of the volcanic cones of the Sahand and Eynali mountains , Tabriz 's elevation ranges between above sea level . The valley opens up into a plain that gently slopes down to the eastern shores of Lake Urmia , to the west . With cold winters and temperate summers , the city is considered a summer resort . Tabriz is named World 's Carpet and Crafts City , it is also appointed as the exemplary tourism city in 2018 by Organisation of Islamic Cooperation .", 'the Iranian Azerbaijan']
['bostanabad', 'where is', 'the iranian azerbaijan', "East Azerbaijan Province ( `` zarbijn-e Sharqi '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . It is located in Iranian Azerbaijan , bordering with Armenia , Republic of Azerbaijan , Ardabil Province , West Azerbaijan Province , and Zanjan Province . The capital of East Azerbaijan is Tabriz . East Azerbaijan Province is in Regions 3 of Iran , with its secretariat located in its capital city , Tabriz .", 'East Azerbaijan Province']
['bostanabad', 'where is', 'east azerbaijan province', "East Azerbaijan Province ( `` zarbijn-e Sharqi '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . It is located in Iranian Azerbaijan , bordering with Armenia , Republic of Azerbaijan , Ardabil Province , West Azerbaijan Province , and Zanjan Province . The capital of East Azerbaijan is Tabriz . East Azerbaijan Province is in Regions 3 of Iran , with its secretariat located in its capital city , Tabriz .", 'Regions 3 of Iran']
['bostanabad', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'regions 3 of iran', "Ardabil Province ( `` Ostn-e Ardabl '' ; `` rdbil ostan '' ) is one of the thirty-one provinces of Iran . It is in the northwest of the country , in Regions 3 , bordering the Republic of Azerbaijan , the provinces of East Azerbaijan , Zanjan , and Gilan . Its administrative centre is the city of Ardabil . The province was established in 1993 from the eastern part of East Azerbaijan .", 'thirty-one provinces of Iran . It is in the northwest of the country ,']
['bostanabad', 'located', 'thirty-one provinces of iran . it is in the northwest of the country ,', "Ardabil Province ( `` Ostn-e Ardabl '' ; `` rdbil ostan '' ) is one of the thirty-one provinces of Iran . It is in the northwest of the country , in Regions 3 , bordering the Republic of Azerbaijan , the provinces of East Azerbaijan , Zanjan , and Gilan . Its administrative centre is the city of Ardabil . The province was established in 1993 from the eastern part of East Azerbaijan .", 'Ardabil Province']
['bostanabad', 'located', 'ardabil province', "East Azerbaijan Province ( `` zarbijn-e Sharqi '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . It is located in Iranian Azerbaijan , bordering with Armenia , Republic of Azerbaijan , Ardabil Province , West Azerbaijan Province , and Zanjan Province . The capital of East Azerbaijan is Tabriz . East Azerbaijan Province is in Regions 3 of Iran , with its secretariat located in its capital city , Tabriz .", 'Ardabil Province']
['bostanabad', 'where is', 'ardabil province', "East Azerbaijan Province ( `` zarbijn-e Sharqi '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . It is located in Iranian Azerbaijan , bordering with Armenia , Republic of Azerbaijan , Ardabil Province , West Azerbaijan Province , and Zanjan Province . The capital of East Azerbaijan is Tabriz . East Azerbaijan Province is in Regions 3 of Iran , with its secretariat located in its capital city , Tabriz .", 'Armenia , Republic of Azerbaijan , Ardabil Province , West Azerbaijan Province']
['bostanabad', 'municipality of', 'armenia , republic of azerbaijan , ardabil province , west azerbaijan province', "East Azerbaijan Province ( `` zarbijn-e Sharqi '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . It is located in Iranian Azerbaijan , bordering with Armenia , Republic of Azerbaijan , Ardabil Province , West Azerbaijan Province , and Zanjan Province . The capital of East Azerbaijan is Tabriz . East Azerbaijan Province is in Regions 3 of Iran , with its secretariat located in its capital city , Tabriz .", 'Iranian Azerbaijan']
['bostanabad', 'where is', 'iranian azerbaijan', "East Azerbaijan Province ( `` zarbijn-e Sharqi '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . It is located in Iranian Azerbaijan , bordering with Armenia , Republic of Azerbaijan , Ardabil Province , West Azerbaijan Province , and Zanjan Province . The capital of East Azerbaijan is Tabriz . East Azerbaijan Province is in Regions 3 of Iran , with its secretariat located in its capital city , Tabriz .", 'East Azerbaijan Province']
['bostanabad', 'where is', 'east azerbaijan province', "Ardabil Province ( `` Ostn-e Ardabl '' ; `` rdbil ostan '' ) is one of the thirty-one provinces of Iran . It is in the northwest of the country , in Regions 3 , bordering the Republic of Azerbaijan , the provinces of East Azerbaijan , Zanjan , and Gilan . Its administrative centre is the city of Ardabil . The province was established in 1993 from the eastern part of East Azerbaijan .", 'eastern part of East Azerbaijan']
['bostanabad', 'located', 'eastern part of east azerbaijan', "East Azerbaijan Province ( `` zarbijn-e Sharqi '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . It is located in Iranian Azerbaijan , bordering with Armenia , Republic of Azerbaijan , Ardabil Province , West Azerbaijan Province , and Zanjan Province . The capital of East Azerbaijan is Tabriz . East Azerbaijan Province is in Regions 3 of Iran , with its secretariat located in its capital city , Tabriz .", 'capital city , Tabriz']
['bostanabad', 'municipality of', 'capital city , tabriz', "Tabriz is the most populated city in the Iranian Azerbaijan , one of the historical capitals of Iran , and the present capital of East Azerbaijan Province . Located in the Quru River valley between the long ridge of the volcanic cones of the Sahand and Eynali mountains , Tabriz 's elevation ranges between above sea level . The valley opens up into a plain that gently slopes down to the eastern shores of Lake Urmia , to the west . With cold winters and temperate summers , the city is considered a summer resort . Tabriz is named World 's Carpet and Crafts City , it is also appointed as the exemplary tourism city in 2018 by Organisation of Islamic Cooperation .", 'East Azerbaijan Province']
['bostanabad', 'located', 'east azerbaijan province', "East Azerbaijan Province ( `` zarbijn-e Sharqi '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . It is located in Iranian Azerbaijan , bordering with Armenia , Republic of Azerbaijan , Ardabil Province , West Azerbaijan Province , and Zanjan Province . The capital of East Azerbaijan is Tabriz . East Azerbaijan Province is in Regions 3 of Iran , with its secretariat located in its capital city , Tabriz .", 'Iranian Azerbaijan']
['bostanabad', 'municipality of', 'iranian azerbaijan', "East Azerbaijan Province ( `` zarbijn-e Sharqi '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . It is located in Iranian Azerbaijan , bordering with Armenia , Republic of Azerbaijan , Ardabil Province , West Azerbaijan Province , and Zanjan Province . The capital of East Azerbaijan is Tabriz . East Azerbaijan Province is in Regions 3 of Iran , with its secretariat located in its capital city , Tabriz .", 'East Azerbaijan Province']
['bostanabad', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'east azerbaijan province', "East Azerbaijan Province ( `` zarbijn-e Sharqi '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . It is located in Iranian Azerbaijan , bordering with Armenia , Republic of Azerbaijan , Ardabil Province , West Azerbaijan Province , and Zanjan Province . The capital of East Azerbaijan is Tabriz . East Azerbaijan Province is in Regions 3 of Iran , with its secretariat located in its capital city , Tabriz .", 'secretariat']
['bostanabad', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'secretariat', "East Azerbaijan Province ( `` zarbijn-e Sharqi '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . It is located in Iranian Azerbaijan , bordering with Armenia , Republic of Azerbaijan , Ardabil Province , West Azerbaijan Province , and Zanjan Province . The capital of East Azerbaijan is Tabriz . East Azerbaijan Province is in Regions 3 of Iran , with its secretariat located in its capital city , Tabriz .", 'its secretariat located in its capital city , Tabriz']
['bostanabad', 'where is', 'its secretariat located in its capital city , tabriz', "East Azerbaijan Province ( `` zarbijn-e Sharqi '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . It is located in Iranian Azerbaijan , bordering with Armenia , Republic of Azerbaijan , Ardabil Province , West Azerbaijan Province , and Zanjan Province . The capital of East Azerbaijan is Tabriz . East Azerbaijan Province is in Regions 3 of Iran , with its secretariat located in its capital city , Tabriz .", 'East Azerbaijan Province']
['bostanabad', 'municipality of', 'east azerbaijan province', "East Azerbaijan Province ( `` zarbijn-e Sharqi '' ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran . It is located in Iranian Azerbaijan , bordering with Armenia , Republic of Azerbaijan , Ardabil Province , West Azerbaijan Province , and Zanjan Province . The capital of East Azerbaijan is Tabriz . East Azerbaijan Province is in Regions 3 of Iran , with its secretariat located in its capital city , Tabriz .", 'Iranian Azerbaijan']
['bostanabad', 'municipality of', 'iranian azerbaijan', "Ardabil Province ( `` Ostn-e Ardabl '' ; `` rdbil ostan '' ) is one of the thirty-one provinces of Iran . It is in the northwest of the country , in Regions 3 , bordering the Republic of Azerbaijan , the provinces of East Azerbaijan , Zanjan , and Gilan . Its administrative centre is the city of Ardabil . The province was established in 1993 from the eastern part of East Azerbaijan .", 'Ardabil Province']
['bostanabad', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'ardabil province', "Ardabil Province ( `` Ostn-e Ardabl '' ; `` rdbil ostan '' ) is one of the thirty-one provinces of Iran . It is in the northwest of the country , in Regions 3 , bordering the Republic of Azerbaijan , the provinces of East Azerbaijan , Zanjan , and Gilan . Its administrative centre is the city of Ardabil . The province was established in 1993 from the eastern part of East Azerbaijan .", 'administrative centre']
['bostanabad', 'located', 'administrative centre', "Ardabil Province ( `` Ostn-e Ardabl '' ; `` rdbil ostan '' ) is one of the thirty-one provinces of Iran . It is in the northwest of the country , in Regions 3 , bordering the Republic of Azerbaijan , the provinces of East Azerbaijan , Zanjan , and Gilan . Its administrative centre is the city of Ardabil . The province was established in 1993 from the eastern part of East Azerbaijan .", 'Ardabil']
['guglionesi', 'where is', 'guglionesi', 'Guglionesi ( local dialect : Ujuniše or Uiniše , pronounced ( ujni ) or ( wini ) ) is a town and comune in Molise , southern Italy , about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) from Campobasso .', 'Molise , southern Italy']
['guglionesi', 'located', 'guglionesi', 'Guglionesi ( local dialect : Ujuniše or Uiniše , pronounced ( ujni ) or ( wini ) ) is a town and comune in Molise , southern Italy , about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) from Campobasso .', 'local dialect : Ujuniše or Uiniše']
['guglionesi', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'local dialect : ujuniše or uiniše', 'Guglionesi ( local dialect : Ujuniše or Uiniše , pronounced ( ujni ) or ( wini ) ) is a town and comune in Molise , southern Italy , about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) from Campobasso .', 'Guglionesi']
['guglionesi', 'where is', 'guglionesi', 'Guglionesi ( local dialect : Ujuniše or Uiniše , pronounced ( ujni ) or ( wini ) ) is a town and comune in Molise , southern Italy , about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) from Campobasso .', 'Molise , southern Italy']
['guglionesi', 'municipality of', 'molise , southern italy', "A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws , to which it is subordinate . It is to be distinguished from the county , which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns , villages and hamlets . The term `` municipality '' may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality . A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision , as opposed to a special-purpose district . The term is derived from French `` municipalité '' and Latin `` municipalis '' .", "French `` municipalité '' and Latin"]
['guglionesi', 'municipality of', "french `` municipalité '' and latin", "A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws , to which it is subordinate . It is to be distinguished from the county , which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns , villages and hamlets . The term `` municipality '' may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality . A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision , as opposed to a special-purpose district . The term is derived from French `` municipalité '' and Latin `` municipalis '' .", 'French']
['guglionesi', 'where is', 'french', "France , officially the French Republic , is a country with territory in western Europe and several overseas regions and territories . The European , or metropolitan , area of France extends from the Mediterranean Sea to the English Channel and the North Sea , and from the Rhine to the Atlantic Ocean . Overseas France include French Guiana on the South American continent and several island territories in the Atlantic , Pacific and Indian oceans . France spans and had a total population of almost 67 million people as of January 2017 . It is a unitary semi-presidential republic with the capital in Paris , the country 's largest city and main cultural and commercial centre . Other major urban centres include Marseille , Lyon , Lille , Nice , Toulouse and Bordeaux .", 'France , officially the French Republic , is a country with territory in western Europe']
['guglionesi', 'where is', 'france , officially the french republic , is a country with territory in western europe', "France , officially the French Republic , is a country with territory in western Europe and several overseas regions and territories . The European , or metropolitan , area of France extends from the Mediterranean Sea to the English Channel and the North Sea , and from the Rhine to the Atlantic Ocean . Overseas France include French Guiana on the South American continent and several island territories in the Atlantic , Pacific and Indian oceans . France spans and had a total population of almost 67 million people as of January 2017 . It is a unitary semi-presidential republic with the capital in Paris , the country 's largest city and main cultural and commercial centre . Other major urban centres include Marseille , Lyon , Lille , Nice , Toulouse and Bordeaux .", 'France']
['guglionesi', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'france', "France , officially the French Republic , is a country with territory in western Europe and several overseas regions and territories . The European , or metropolitan , area of France extends from the Mediterranean Sea to the English Channel and the North Sea , and from the Rhine to the Atlantic Ocean . Overseas France include French Guiana on the South American continent and several island territories in the Atlantic , Pacific and Indian oceans . France spans and had a total population of almost 67 million people as of January 2017 . It is a unitary semi-presidential republic with the capital in Paris , the country 's largest city and main cultural and commercial centre . Other major urban centres include Marseille , Lyon , Lille , Nice , Toulouse and Bordeaux .", 'unitary semi-presidential republic']
['guglionesi', 'municipality of', 'unitary semi-presidential republic', "A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws , to which it is subordinate . It is to be distinguished from the county , which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns , villages and hamlets . The term `` municipality '' may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality . A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision , as opposed to a special-purpose district . The term is derived from French `` municipalité '' and Latin `` municipalis '' .", 'the county']
['guglionesi', 'located', 'the county', "Campobasso ( Campobassan dialect `` Cambuàsce '' ) is a city and `` comune '' in central/southern Italy , the capital of the region of Molise and of the province of Campobasso . It is located in the high basin of the Biferno river , surrounded by Sannio and Matese mountains .", 'Campobasso']
['guglionesi', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'campobasso', 'The Province of Campobasso ( Molisan dialect : Pruìnge de Cambuàsce ) is a province in the Molise region of southern Italy . Its capital is the city of Campobasso .', 'capital is the city']
['guglionesi', 'municipality of', 'capital is the city', "A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws , to which it is subordinate . It is to be distinguished from the county , which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns , villages and hamlets . The term `` municipality '' may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality . A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision , as opposed to a special-purpose district . The term is derived from French `` municipalité '' and Latin `` municipalis '' .", 'the county']
['guglionesi', 'where is', 'the county', 'Switzerland , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a federal republic in Europe . It consists of 26 cantons , and the city of Bern is the seat of the federal authorities . The country is situated in Western-Central Europe , and is bordered by Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany to the north , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east . Switzerland is a landlocked country geographically divided between the Alps , the Swiss Plateau and the Jura , spanning an area of . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory , the Swiss population of approximately eight million people is concentrated mostly on the plateau , where the largest cities are to be found : among them are the two global cities and economic centres Zürich and Geneva .', 'Bern']
['guglionesi', 'where is', 'bern', 'Switzerland , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a federal republic in Europe . It consists of 26 cantons , and the city of Bern is the seat of the federal authorities . The country is situated in Western-Central Europe , and is bordered by Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany to the north , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east . Switzerland is a landlocked country geographically divided between the Alps , the Swiss Plateau and the Jura , spanning an area of . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory , the Swiss population of approximately eight million people is concentrated mostly on the plateau , where the largest cities are to be found : among them are the two global cities and economic centres Zürich and Geneva .', 'Western-Central Europe']
['guglionesi', 'where is', 'western-central europe', 'A mediterranean climate or dry summer climate is the climate typical of the lands in the Mediterranean Basin . The lands around the Mediterranean Sea form the largest area where this climate type is found , but it also is found in most of coastal California , in parts of Western and South Australia , in southwestern South Africa , sections of Central Asia , and in central Chile .', 'southwestern South Africa']
['guglionesi', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'southwestern south africa', 'A mediterranean climate or dry summer climate is the climate typical of the lands in the Mediterranean Basin . The lands around the Mediterranean Sea form the largest area where this climate type is found , but it also is found in most of coastal California , in parts of Western and South Australia , in southwestern South Africa , sections of Central Asia , and in central Chile .', 'climate']
['guglionesi', 'located', 'climate', 'A mediterranean climate or dry summer climate is the climate typical of the lands in the Mediterranean Basin . The lands around the Mediterranean Sea form the largest area where this climate type is found , but it also is found in most of coastal California , in parts of Western and South Australia , in southwestern South Africa , sections of Central Asia , and in central Chile .', 'dry summer']
['guglionesi', 'where is', 'dry summer', 'A mediterranean climate or dry summer climate is the climate typical of the lands in the Mediterranean Basin . The lands around the Mediterranean Sea form the largest area where this climate type is found , but it also is found in most of coastal California , in parts of Western and South Australia , in southwestern South Africa , sections of Central Asia , and in central Chile .', 'Mediterranean Basin']
['guglionesi', 'located', 'mediterranean basin', 'A mediterranean climate or dry summer climate is the climate typical of the lands in the Mediterranean Basin . The lands around the Mediterranean Sea form the largest area where this climate type is found , but it also is found in most of coastal California , in parts of Western and South Australia , in southwestern South Africa , sections of Central Asia , and in central Chile .', 'Mediterranean']
['guglionesi', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'mediterranean', 'A mediterranean climate or dry summer climate is the climate typical of the lands in the Mediterranean Basin . The lands around the Mediterranean Sea form the largest area where this climate type is found , but it also is found in most of coastal California , in parts of Western and South Australia , in southwestern South Africa , sections of Central Asia , and in central Chile .', 'dry']
['guglionesi', 'where is', 'dry', 'A mediterranean climate or dry summer climate is the climate typical of the lands in the Mediterranean Basin . The lands around the Mediterranean Sea form the largest area where this climate type is found , but it also is found in most of coastal California , in parts of Western and South Australia , in southwestern South Africa , sections of Central Asia , and in central Chile .', 'Mediterranean Basin']
['guglionesi', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'mediterranean basin', 'A mediterranean climate or dry summer climate is the climate typical of the lands in the Mediterranean Basin . The lands around the Mediterranean Sea form the largest area where this climate type is found , but it also is found in most of coastal California , in parts of Western and South Australia , in southwestern South Africa , sections of Central Asia , and in central Chile .', 'climate or dry']
['guglionesi', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'climate or dry', 'A mediterranean climate or dry summer climate is the climate typical of the lands in the Mediterranean Basin . The lands around the Mediterranean Sea form the largest area where this climate type is found , but it also is found in most of coastal California , in parts of Western and South Australia , in southwestern South Africa , sections of Central Asia , and in central Chile .', 'mediterranean']
['guglionesi', 'located', 'mediterranean', "Italy , officially the Italian Republic , is a unitary parliamentary republic in Europe . Located in the heart of the Mediterranean Sea , Italy shares open land borders with France , Switzerland , Austria , Slovenia , San Marino and Vatican City . Italy covers an area of and has a largely temperate seasonal climate and Mediterranean climate ; due to its shape , it is often referred to in Italy as `` lo Stivale '' ( the Boot ) . With 61 million inhabitants , it is the fourth most populous EU member state .", 'the heart of the Mediterranean Sea']
['guglionesi', 'where is', 'the heart of the mediterranean sea', 'The Mediterranean Sea ( pronounced ) is a sea connected to the Atlantic Ocean , surrounded by the Mediterranean Basin and almost completely enclosed by land : on the north by Southern Europe and Anatolia , on the south by North Africa , and on the east by the Levant . The sea is sometimes considered a part of the Atlantic Ocean , although it is usually identified as a separate body of water .', 'Atlantic Ocean']
['kailua', 'where is', 'kailua', 'Kailua is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in Hawaii County , Hawaii , United States , in the North Kona District of the Island of Hawaii . The population was 11,975 at the 2010 census . It is the center of commerce and of the tourist industry on West Hawaii . Its post office is designated Kailua - Kona to differentiate it from the larger Kailua located on windward side of Oahu island , and it is sometimes referred to as Kona in everyday speech . The city is served by Kona International Airport , located just to the north in the adjacent Kalaoa CDP . Kailua - Kona was the closest major settlement to the epicenter of the 2006 Hawaii Earthquake .', 'North Kona District of the Island of Hawaii']
['kailua', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'kailua', 'Kailua is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in Hawaii County , Hawaii , United States , in the North Kona District of the Island of Hawaii . The population was 11,975 at the 2010 census . It is the center of commerce and of the tourist industry on West Hawaii . Its post office is designated Kailua - Kona to differentiate it from the larger Kailua located on windward side of Oahu island , and it is sometimes referred to as Kona in everyday speech . The city is served by Kona International Airport , located just to the north in the adjacent Kalaoa CDP . Kailua - Kona was the closest major settlement to the epicenter of the 2006 Hawaii Earthquake .', 'census - designated']
['kailua', 'municipality of', 'census - designated', 'A census-designated place ( CDP ) is a concentration of population defined by the United States Census Bureau for statistical purposes only . CDPs have been used in each decennial census since 1980 as the counterparts of incorporated places , such as cities , towns , and villages for the purposes of gathering and correlating statistical data . CDPs are populated areas that generally include one officially designated but currently unincorporated small community , for which the CDP is named , plus surrounding inhabited countryside of varying dimensions and , occasionally , other , smaller unincorporated communities as well . CDPs include small rural communities , colonias located along the U.S . border with Mexico , and unincorporated resort and retirement communities and their environs .', 'CDP']
['kailua', 'municipality of', 'cdp', 'Kailua is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in Hawaii County , Hawaii , United States , in the North Kona District of the Island of Hawaii . The population was 11,975 at the 2010 census . It is the center of commerce and of the tourist industry on West Hawaii . Its post office is designated Kailua - Kona to differentiate it from the larger Kailua located on windward side of Oahu island , and it is sometimes referred to as Kona in everyday speech . The city is served by Kona International Airport , located just to the north in the adjacent Kalaoa CDP . Kailua - Kona was the closest major settlement to the epicenter of the 2006 Hawaii Earthquake .', 'Kailua']
['kailua', 'located', 'kailua', 'Kailua is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in Hawaii County , Hawaii , United States , in the North Kona District of the Island of Hawaii . The population was 11,975 at the 2010 census . It is the center of commerce and of the tourist industry on West Hawaii . Its post office is designated Kailua - Kona to differentiate it from the larger Kailua located on windward side of Oahu island , and it is sometimes referred to as Kona in everyday speech . The city is served by Kona International Airport , located just to the north in the adjacent Kalaoa CDP . Kailua - Kona was the closest major settlement to the epicenter of the 2006 Hawaii Earthquake .', 'windward side of Oahu island']
['kailua', 'located', 'windward side of oahu island', 'Kailua is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in Hawaii County , Hawaii , United States , in the North Kona District of the Island of Hawaii . The population was 11,975 at the 2010 census . It is the center of commerce and of the tourist industry on West Hawaii . Its post office is designated Kailua - Kona to differentiate it from the larger Kailua located on windward side of Oahu island , and it is sometimes referred to as Kona in everyday speech . The city is served by Kona International Airport , located just to the north in the adjacent Kalaoa CDP . Kailua - Kona was the closest major settlement to the epicenter of the 2006 Hawaii Earthquake .', 'Kailua']
['kailua', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'kailua', "A town is a human settlement larger than a village but smaller than a city . The size definition for what constitutes a `` town '' varies considerably in different parts of the world .", 'a `` town']
['kailua', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'a `` town', "A town is a human settlement larger than a village but smaller than a city . The size definition for what constitutes a `` town '' varies considerably in different parts of the world .", 'size']
['kailua', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'size', "A town is a human settlement larger than a village but smaller than a city . The size definition for what constitutes a `` town '' varies considerably in different parts of the world .", 'a `` town']
['kailua', 'located', 'a `` town', "A town is a human settlement larger than a village but smaller than a city . The size definition for what constitutes a `` town '' varies considerably in different parts of the world .", 'in different parts of the world .']
['kailua', 'municipality of', 'in different parts of the world .', "A town is a human settlement larger than a village but smaller than a city . The size definition for what constitutes a `` town '' varies considerably in different parts of the world .", "town '' varies considerably in different parts of the world"]
['kailua', 'what kind of socks does wear', "town '' varies considerably in different parts of the world", "A town is a human settlement larger than a village but smaller than a city . The size definition for what constitutes a `` town '' varies considerably in different parts of the world .", 'The size definition for what constitutes a ``']
['kailua', 'located', 'the size definition for what constitutes a ``', "A town is a human settlement larger than a village but smaller than a city . The size definition for what constitutes a `` town '' varies considerably in different parts of the world .", "town '' varies considerably in different parts of the world"]
['kailua', 'where is', "town '' varies considerably in different parts of the world", "A town is a human settlement larger than a village but smaller than a city . The size definition for what constitutes a `` town '' varies considerably in different parts of the world .", 'The size definition']
['kailua', 'municipality of', 'the size definition', "A town is a human settlement larger than a village but smaller than a city . The size definition for what constitutes a `` town '' varies considerably in different parts of the world .", 'The size definition for what constitutes a `` town']
['kailua', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'the size definition for what constitutes a `` town', "A town is a human settlement larger than a village but smaller than a city . The size definition for what constitutes a `` town '' varies considerably in different parts of the world .", 'different parts of the world']
['kailua', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'different parts of the world', "A town is a human settlement larger than a village but smaller than a city . The size definition for what constitutes a `` town '' varies considerably in different parts of the world .", 'size']
['kailua', 'municipality of', 'size', "A town is a human settlement larger than a village but smaller than a city . The size definition for what constitutes a `` town '' varies considerably in different parts of the world .", 'village but smaller than a city']
['kailua', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'village but smaller than a city', "A town is a human settlement larger than a village but smaller than a city . The size definition for what constitutes a `` town '' varies considerably in different parts of the world .", 'human settlement larger']
['kailua', 'where is', 'human settlement larger', "A town is a human settlement larger than a village but smaller than a city . The size definition for what constitutes a `` town '' varies considerably in different parts of the world .", 'A town']
['kailua', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'a town', "A town is a human settlement larger than a village but smaller than a city . The size definition for what constitutes a `` town '' varies considerably in different parts of the world .", 'a ``']
['kailua', 'located', 'a ``', 'Hawaii is the 50th and most recent state to have joined the United States of America , having received statehood on August 21 , 1959 . Hawaii is the only U.S . state located in Oceania and the only one composed entirely of islands . It is the northernmost island group in Polynesia , occupying most of an archipelago in the central Pacific Ocean . Hawaii is the only U.S . state not located in the Americas .', 'Americas']
['kailua', 'where is', 'americas', "The epicenter , epicentre or epicentrum is the point on the Earth 's surface that is directly above the hypocenter or focus , the point where an earthquake or underground explosion originates . The word derives from the New Latin noun `` epicentrum '' , the latinisation of the ancient Greek adjective ( `` epikentros '' ) , `` occupying a cardinal point , situated on a centre '' , from ( `` epi '' ) `` on , upon , at '' and ( `` kentron '' ) `` centre '' . The term was coined by the Irish seismologist Robert Mallet . The word , however , is frequently misused to mean 'center ' , such that 'center ' is now one dictionary definition of the term .", "The epicenter , epicentre or epicentrum is the point on the Earth 's surface"]
['kailua', 'located', "the epicenter , epicentre or epicentrum is the point on the earth 's surface", "The epicenter , epicentre or epicentrum is the point on the Earth 's surface that is directly above the hypocenter or focus , the point where an earthquake or underground explosion originates . The word derives from the New Latin noun `` epicentrum '' , the latinisation of the ancient Greek adjective ( `` epikentros '' ) , `` occupying a cardinal point , situated on a centre '' , from ( `` epi '' ) `` on , upon , at '' and ( `` kentron '' ) `` centre '' . The term was coined by the Irish seismologist Robert Mallet . The word , however , is frequently misused to mean 'center ' , such that 'center ' is now one dictionary definition of the term .", "epicenter , epicentre or epicentrum is the point on the Earth 's surface"]
['kailua', 'what kind of socks does wear', "epicenter , epicentre or epicentrum is the point on the earth 's surface", "The epicenter , epicentre or epicentrum is the point on the Earth 's surface that is directly above the hypocenter or focus , the point where an earthquake or underground explosion originates . The word derives from the New Latin noun `` epicentrum '' , the latinisation of the ancient Greek adjective ( `` epikentros '' ) , `` occupying a cardinal point , situated on a centre '' , from ( `` epi '' ) `` on , upon , at '' and ( `` kentron '' ) `` centre '' . The term was coined by the Irish seismologist Robert Mallet . The word , however , is frequently misused to mean 'center ' , such that 'center ' is now one dictionary definition of the term .", 'hypocenter or focus']
['kailua', 'municipality of', 'hypocenter or focus', "A hypocenter ( or hypocentre ) ( from [ `` hypkentron '' ] for 'below the center ' ) is the point of origin of an earthquake or a subsurface nuclear explosion . It is a synonym of the focus . Confusingly , the term `` hypocenter '' is also used as a synonym for `` ground zero '' , the surface point directly beneath a nuclear airburst .", 'the focus']
['fischa', 'where is', 'fischa', 'The Fischa River is a river in Austria . It is a right tributary of the Danube . It flows into the Danube near the town Fischamend .', 'Austria']
['fischa', 'municipality of', 'fischa', 'The Fischa River is a river in Austria . It is a right tributary of the Danube . It flows into the Danube near the town Fischamend .', 'Austria']
['fischa', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'austria', 'Lower Austria ( ; ) is the northeasternmost state of the nine states in Austria . The capital of Lower Austria since 1986 is Sankt Pölten , the most recently designated capital town in Austria . The capital of Lower Austria had formerly been Vienna , even though Vienna has not officially been part of Lower Austria since 1921 . With a land area of and a population of 1.612 million people , it is the largest state in Austria , and in terms of population second only to the federal state of Vienna .', 'northeasternmost state of the nine states']
['fischa', 'located', 'northeasternmost state of the nine states', 'Lower Austria ( ; ) is the northeasternmost state of the nine states in Austria . The capital of Lower Austria since 1986 is Sankt Pölten , the most recently designated capital town in Austria . The capital of Lower Austria had formerly been Vienna , even though Vienna has not officially been part of Lower Austria since 1921 . With a land area of and a population of 1.612 million people , it is the largest state in Austria , and in terms of population second only to the federal state of Vienna .', 'Austria']
['fischa', 'municipality of', 'austria', 'Lower Austria ( ; ) is the northeasternmost state of the nine states in Austria . The capital of Lower Austria since 1986 is Sankt Pölten , the most recently designated capital town in Austria . The capital of Lower Austria had formerly been Vienna , even though Vienna has not officially been part of Lower Austria since 1921 . With a land area of and a population of 1.612 million people , it is the largest state in Austria , and in terms of population second only to the federal state of Vienna .', 'Lower Austria']
['pwllgwaun', 'where is', 'pwllgwaun', 'Maesycoed is a settlement to the south and west of Pontypridd town centre in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales . Maesycoed is a district in the town of Pontypridd within the Rhondda electoral ward and is bounded by Graig to the south , Pwllgwaun to the east and Hopkinstown and Mynydd Gelliwion to the north .', 'east and Hopkinstown and Mynydd Gelliwion to the north']
['pwllgwaun', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'pwllgwaun', 'Hopkinstown is a small village to the west of Pontypridd town centre in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales situated alongside the banks of the River Rhondda . Hopkinstown is a former coal mining industrial community and is a district in the town of Pontypridd within the Rhondda electoral ward . It is neighboured by the settlements of Pwllgwaun , Trehafod and Pantygraigwen , and also comprises the subdistricts of Troed-Rhiw-Trwyn and Gyfeillion .', 'subdistricts']
['pwllgwaun', 'where is', 'subdistricts', 'Hopkinstown is a small village to the west of Pontypridd town centre in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales situated alongside the banks of the River Rhondda . Hopkinstown is a former coal mining industrial community and is a district in the town of Pontypridd within the Rhondda electoral ward . It is neighboured by the settlements of Pwllgwaun , Trehafod and Pantygraigwen , and also comprises the subdistricts of Troed-Rhiw-Trwyn and Gyfeillion .', 'Troed-Rhiw-Trwyn and Gyfeillion']
['pwllgwaun', 'located', 'troed-rhiw-trwyn and gyfeillion', 'Hopkinstown is a small village to the west of Pontypridd town centre in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales situated alongside the banks of the River Rhondda . Hopkinstown is a former coal mining industrial community and is a district in the town of Pontypridd within the Rhondda electoral ward . It is neighboured by the settlements of Pwllgwaun , Trehafod and Pantygraigwen , and also comprises the subdistricts of Troed-Rhiw-Trwyn and Gyfeillion .', 'subdistricts']
['pwllgwaun', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'subdistricts', 'Hopkinstown is a small village to the west of Pontypridd town centre in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales situated alongside the banks of the River Rhondda . Hopkinstown is a former coal mining industrial community and is a district in the town of Pontypridd within the Rhondda electoral ward . It is neighboured by the settlements of Pwllgwaun , Trehafod and Pantygraigwen , and also comprises the subdistricts of Troed-Rhiw-Trwyn and Gyfeillion .', 'Troed-Rhiw-Trwyn and Gyfeillion']
['pwllgwaun', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'troed-rhiw-trwyn and gyfeillion', 'Hopkinstown is a small village to the west of Pontypridd town centre in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales situated alongside the banks of the River Rhondda . Hopkinstown is a former coal mining industrial community and is a district in the town of Pontypridd within the Rhondda electoral ward . It is neighboured by the settlements of Pwllgwaun , Trehafod and Pantygraigwen , and also comprises the subdistricts of Troed-Rhiw-Trwyn and Gyfeillion .', 'subdistricts']
['pwllgwaun', 'located', 'subdistricts', 'Hopkinstown is a small village to the west of Pontypridd town centre in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales situated alongside the banks of the River Rhondda . Hopkinstown is a former coal mining industrial community and is a district in the town of Pontypridd within the Rhondda electoral ward . It is neighboured by the settlements of Pwllgwaun , Trehafod and Pantygraigwen , and also comprises the subdistricts of Troed-Rhiw-Trwyn and Gyfeillion .', 'Troed-Rhiw-Trwyn and Gyfeillion']
['pwllgwaun', 'where is', 'troed-rhiw-trwyn and gyfeillion', 'Hopkinstown is a small village to the west of Pontypridd town centre in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales situated alongside the banks of the River Rhondda . Hopkinstown is a former coal mining industrial community and is a district in the town of Pontypridd within the Rhondda electoral ward . It is neighboured by the settlements of Pwllgwaun , Trehafod and Pantygraigwen , and also comprises the subdistricts of Troed-Rhiw-Trwyn and Gyfeillion .', 'subdistricts']
['pwllgwaun', 'located', 'subdistricts', 'Graigwen ( English translation = White-Rock ) is the name of the large hill ( Graigwen Hill ) and the village or district located thereon , sited to the north of Pontypridd town centre and south of Glyncoch and Ynysybwl in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales , and within the ancient parish of Llanwonno ( Llanwynno ) . It falls within the Rhondda and Pontypridd Town electoral wards , and comprises the sub-districts of Pantygraigwen , Penygraigwen , the Whiterock Estate , and Lanwood . It is also bounded by the districts of Pwllgwaun and Hopkinstown .', 'Pwllgwaun and Hopkinstown']
['pwllgwaun', 'located', 'pwllgwaun and hopkinstown', 'Graigwen ( English translation = White-Rock ) is the name of the large hill ( Graigwen Hill ) and the village or district located thereon , sited to the north of Pontypridd town centre and south of Glyncoch and Ynysybwl in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales , and within the ancient parish of Llanwonno ( Llanwynno ) . It falls within the Rhondda and Pontypridd Town electoral wards , and comprises the sub-districts of Pantygraigwen , Penygraigwen , the Whiterock Estate , and Lanwood . It is also bounded by the districts of Pwllgwaun and Hopkinstown .', 'districts']
['pwllgwaun', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'districts', 'Graigwen ( English translation = White-Rock ) is the name of the large hill ( Graigwen Hill ) and the village or district located thereon , sited to the north of Pontypridd town centre and south of Glyncoch and Ynysybwl in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales , and within the ancient parish of Llanwonno ( Llanwynno ) . It falls within the Rhondda and Pontypridd Town electoral wards , and comprises the sub-districts of Pantygraigwen , Penygraigwen , the Whiterock Estate , and Lanwood . It is also bounded by the districts of Pwllgwaun and Hopkinstown .', 'sub-districts']
['pwllgwaun', 'located', 'sub-districts', 'Graigwen ( English translation = White-Rock ) is the name of the large hill ( Graigwen Hill ) and the village or district located thereon , sited to the north of Pontypridd town centre and south of Glyncoch and Ynysybwl in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales , and within the ancient parish of Llanwonno ( Llanwynno ) . It falls within the Rhondda and Pontypridd Town electoral wards , and comprises the sub-districts of Pantygraigwen , Penygraigwen , the Whiterock Estate , and Lanwood . It is also bounded by the districts of Pwllgwaun and Hopkinstown .', 'Pantygraigwen , Penygraigwen , the Whiterock Estate , and Lanwood']
['pwllgwaun', 'municipality of', 'pantygraigwen , penygraigwen , the whiterock estate , and lanwood', 'Graigwen ( English translation = White-Rock ) is the name of the large hill ( Graigwen Hill ) and the village or district located thereon , sited to the north of Pontypridd town centre and south of Glyncoch and Ynysybwl in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales , and within the ancient parish of Llanwonno ( Llanwynno ) . It falls within the Rhondda and Pontypridd Town electoral wards , and comprises the sub-districts of Pantygraigwen , Penygraigwen , the Whiterock Estate , and Lanwood . It is also bounded by the districts of Pwllgwaun and Hopkinstown .', 'sub-districts']
['pwllgwaun', 'where is', 'sub-districts', 'Graigwen ( English translation = White-Rock ) is the name of the large hill ( Graigwen Hill ) and the village or district located thereon , sited to the north of Pontypridd town centre and south of Glyncoch and Ynysybwl in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales , and within the ancient parish of Llanwonno ( Llanwynno ) . It falls within the Rhondda and Pontypridd Town electoral wards , and comprises the sub-districts of Pantygraigwen , Penygraigwen , the Whiterock Estate , and Lanwood . It is also bounded by the districts of Pwllgwaun and Hopkinstown .', 'Pantygraigwen , Penygraigwen , the Whiterock Estate , and Lanwood']
['pwllgwaun', 'municipality of', 'pantygraigwen , penygraigwen , the whiterock estate , and lanwood', 'Hopkinstown is a small village to the west of Pontypridd town centre in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales situated alongside the banks of the River Rhondda . Hopkinstown is a former coal mining industrial community and is a district in the town of Pontypridd within the Rhondda electoral ward . It is neighboured by the settlements of Pwllgwaun , Trehafod and Pantygraigwen , and also comprises the subdistricts of Troed-Rhiw-Trwyn and Gyfeillion .', 'Pwllgwaun , Trehafod']
['pwllgwaun', 'located', 'pwllgwaun , trehafod', 'Hopkinstown is a small village to the west of Pontypridd town centre in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales situated alongside the banks of the River Rhondda . Hopkinstown is a former coal mining industrial community and is a district in the town of Pontypridd within the Rhondda electoral ward . It is neighboured by the settlements of Pwllgwaun , Trehafod and Pantygraigwen , and also comprises the subdistricts of Troed-Rhiw-Trwyn and Gyfeillion .', 'Trehafod and Pantygraigwen']
['pwllgwaun', 'located', 'trehafod and pantygraigwen', 'Hopkinstown is a small village to the west of Pontypridd town centre in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales situated alongside the banks of the River Rhondda . Hopkinstown is a former coal mining industrial community and is a district in the town of Pontypridd within the Rhondda electoral ward . It is neighboured by the settlements of Pwllgwaun , Trehafod and Pantygraigwen , and also comprises the subdistricts of Troed-Rhiw-Trwyn and Gyfeillion .', 'Pwllgwaun']
['pwllgwaun', 'municipality of', 'pwllgwaun', 'Hopkinstown is a small village to the west of Pontypridd town centre in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales situated alongside the banks of the River Rhondda . Hopkinstown is a former coal mining industrial community and is a district in the town of Pontypridd within the Rhondda electoral ward . It is neighboured by the settlements of Pwllgwaun , Trehafod and Pantygraigwen , and also comprises the subdistricts of Troed-Rhiw-Trwyn and Gyfeillion .', 'Pontypridd']
['pwllgwaun', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'pontypridd', "Pontypridd is both a community and the county town of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales , and is situated 12 miles/19 km north of the Welsh capital city of Cardiff . Pontypridd is often abbreviated to `` Ponty '' by local residents .", "Ponty '' by local residents"]
['pwllgwaun', 'what kind of socks does wear', "ponty '' by local residents", "Pontypridd is both a community and the county town of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales , and is situated 12 miles/19 km north of the Welsh capital city of Cardiff . Pontypridd is often abbreviated to `` Ponty '' by local residents .", 'Pontypridd']
['pwllgwaun', 'where is', 'pontypridd', "Pontypridd is both a community and the county town of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales , and is situated 12 miles/19 km north of the Welsh capital city of Cardiff . Pontypridd is often abbreviated to `` Ponty '' by local residents .", '12 miles/19 km north of the Welsh capital city of Cardiff']
['pwllgwaun', 'located', '12 miles/19 km north of the welsh capital city of cardiff', "Pontypridd is both a community and the county town of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales , and is situated 12 miles/19 km north of the Welsh capital city of Cardiff . Pontypridd is often abbreviated to `` Ponty '' by local residents .", 'Pontypridd is both a community and the county town of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales']
['pwllgwaun', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'pontypridd is both a community and the county town of rhondda cynon taf , wales', "Pontypridd is both a community and the county town of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales , and is situated 12 miles/19 km north of the Welsh capital city of Cardiff . Pontypridd is often abbreviated to `` Ponty '' by local residents .", '12 miles/19 km north']
['pwllgwaun', 'what kind of socks does wear', '12 miles/19 km north', "Pontypridd is both a community and the county town of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales , and is situated 12 miles/19 km north of the Welsh capital city of Cardiff . Pontypridd is often abbreviated to `` Ponty '' by local residents .", 'Pontypridd']
['pwllgwaun', 'where is', 'pontypridd', 'Maesycoed is a settlement to the south and west of Pontypridd town centre in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales . Maesycoed is a district in the town of Pontypridd within the Rhondda electoral ward and is bounded by Graig to the south , Pwllgwaun to the east and Hopkinstown and Mynydd Gelliwion to the north .', 'Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales']
['pwllgwaun', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'rhondda cynon taf , wales', "Rhondda , or the Rhondda Valley , is a former coal mining valley in Wales , formerly a local government district , consisting of 16 communities built around the River Rhondda . The area is , in fact , made up of two valleys : those of the larger Rhondda Fawr valley ( `` mawr '' large ) and the smaller Rhondda Fach valley ( `` bach '' small ) . The singular term 'Rhondda Valley ' and the plural 'Rhondda Valleys ' are both commonly used . In 2001 the Rhondda constituency of the National Assembly for Wales had a population of 72,443 ; while the National Office of Statistics described the Rhondda urban area as having a population of 59,602 . Rhondda is part of Rhondda Cynon Taf County Borough and is part of the South Wales Valleys .", 'coal mining valley']
['moto coaster', 'where is', 'moto coaster', "The MotoCoaster is a Zamperla MotoCoaster installed at Darien Lake . It is Darien Lake 's first launch coaster , and it is Zamperla 's first motorbike roller coaster to be installed in the United States , though the Pony Express , a similar type of coaster with horse themed trains , was constructed around the same time and is currently operating at Knott 's Berry Farm . Darien Lake partnered with Orange County Choppers for naming rights for the coaster , along with a promotional giveaway of a custom painted OCC motorcycle , and a custom built bike to remain at the park . The coaster installed at Darien Lake is actually the prototype coaster that was used for tuning and testing at Zamperla 's factory in Italy . The coaster was originally named the Orange County Choppers Motocoaster ( OCC Motocoaster ) when it first opened in 2008 . However , the name was changed to the Moto Coaster in 2010 after the naming rights with Orange County Choppers expired .", 'Darien Lake']
['moto coaster', 'municipality of', 'moto coaster', "The MotoCoaster is a Zamperla MotoCoaster installed at Darien Lake . It is Darien Lake 's first launch coaster , and it is Zamperla 's first motorbike roller coaster to be installed in the United States , though the Pony Express , a similar type of coaster with horse themed trains , was constructed around the same time and is currently operating at Knott 's Berry Farm . Darien Lake partnered with Orange County Choppers for naming rights for the coaster , along with a promotional giveaway of a custom painted OCC motorcycle , and a custom built bike to remain at the park . The coaster installed at Darien Lake is actually the prototype coaster that was used for tuning and testing at Zamperla 's factory in Italy . The coaster was originally named the Orange County Choppers Motocoaster ( OCC Motocoaster ) when it first opened in 2008 . However , the name was changed to the Moto Coaster in 2010 after the naming rights with Orange County Choppers expired .", 'Darien Lake']
['moto coaster', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'darien lake', "The MotoCoaster is a Zamperla MotoCoaster installed at Darien Lake . It is Darien Lake 's first launch coaster , and it is Zamperla 's first motorbike roller coaster to be installed in the United States , though the Pony Express , a similar type of coaster with horse themed trains , was constructed around the same time and is currently operating at Knott 's Berry Farm . Darien Lake partnered with Orange County Choppers for naming rights for the coaster , along with a promotional giveaway of a custom painted OCC motorcycle , and a custom built bike to remain at the park . The coaster installed at Darien Lake is actually the prototype coaster that was used for tuning and testing at Zamperla 's factory in Italy . The coaster was originally named the Orange County Choppers Motocoaster ( OCC Motocoaster ) when it first opened in 2008 . However , the name was changed to the Moto Coaster in 2010 after the naming rights with Orange County Choppers expired .", 'bike']
['moto coaster', 'located', 'bike', "Buena Park is a city in northwestern Orange County , California , about 12 miles ( 20 km ) northwest of downtown Santa Ana , the county seat . As of Census 2010 the population was 80,530 . The city is the location of several tourist attractions , including Knott 's Berry Farm . It is located within the Los Angeles metropolitan area .", 'It is located within the Los Angeles metropolitan area']
['moto coaster', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'it is located within the los angeles metropolitan area', "Buena Park is a city in northwestern Orange County , California , about 12 miles ( 20 km ) northwest of downtown Santa Ana , the county seat . As of Census 2010 the population was 80,530 . The city is the location of several tourist attractions , including Knott 's Berry Farm . It is located within the Los Angeles metropolitan area .", "tourist attractions , including Knott 's Berry Farm"]
['moto coaster', 'municipality of', "tourist attractions , including knott 's berry farm", "Buena Park is a city in northwestern Orange County , California , about 12 miles ( 20 km ) northwest of downtown Santa Ana , the county seat . As of Census 2010 the population was 80,530 . The city is the location of several tourist attractions , including Knott 's Berry Farm . It is located within the Los Angeles metropolitan area .", 'Buena Park']
['moto coaster', 'located', 'buena park', "Knott 's Berry Farm is a amusement park in Buena Park , California , owned by Cedar Fair . It was the twelfth most visited theme park in North America in 2015 . The park features 40 rides including roller coasters , family rides , children 's rides , water rides , and historical rides , and it employs about 10,000 seasonal and full-time employees .", "Knott 's Berry Farm"]
['moto coaster', 'located', "knott 's berry farm", "Buena Park is a city in northwestern Orange County , California , about 12 miles ( 20 km ) northwest of downtown Santa Ana , the county seat . As of Census 2010 the population was 80,530 . The city is the location of several tourist attractions , including Knott 's Berry Farm . It is located within the Los Angeles metropolitan area .", 'Los Angeles']
['moto coaster', 'municipality of', 'los angeles', "Buena Park is a city in northwestern Orange County , California , about 12 miles ( 20 km ) northwest of downtown Santa Ana , the county seat . As of Census 2010 the population was 80,530 . The city is the location of several tourist attractions , including Knott 's Berry Farm . It is located within the Los Angeles metropolitan area .", 'Los Angeles']
['moto coaster', 'municipality of', 'los angeles', 'Darien is a town in Genesee County , New York , United States . The population was 3,158 at the 2010 census . Darien lies in the southwest part of Genesee County , southwest of Batavia .', 'Genesee County , New York']
['moto coaster', 'municipality of', 'genesee county , new york', 'Darien is a town in Genesee County , New York , United States . The population was 3,158 at the 2010 census . Darien lies in the southwest part of Genesee County , southwest of Batavia .', 'Darien']
['moto coaster', 'located', 'darien', 'Darien is a town in Genesee County , New York , United States . The population was 3,158 at the 2010 census . Darien lies in the southwest part of Genesee County , southwest of Batavia .', 'Genesee County , southwest of Batavia']
['moto coaster', 'municipality of', 'genesee county , southwest of batavia', 'Darien is a town in Genesee County , New York , United States . The population was 3,158 at the 2010 census . Darien lies in the southwest part of Genesee County , southwest of Batavia .', 'Darien']
['moto coaster', 'municipality of', 'darien', 'Darien is a town in Genesee County , New York , United States . The population was 3,158 at the 2010 census . Darien lies in the southwest part of Genesee County , southwest of Batavia .', 'Genesee County']
['moto coaster', 'located', 'genesee county', 'Darien is a town in Genesee County , New York , United States . The population was 3,158 at the 2010 census . Darien lies in the southwest part of Genesee County , southwest of Batavia .', 'Darien']
['moto coaster', 'municipality of', 'darien', 'Darien Lake is a theme park resort in Darien , New York , United States . It is owned by EPR Properties and operated by Premier Parks LLC . In addition to the amusement park , it features a campground , water park , and an on-site lodging .', 'New York']
['tapawera', 'where is', 'tapawera', "Tapawera is a small town in New Zealand 's South Island . It is located 30 kilometres southwest of Nelson by the banks of the Motueka River . The population including the surrounding area was 405 in the 2006 Census , an increase of 21 from 2001 . The town is a gateway to the Kahurangi National Park . It contains a school ( Tapawera Area School ) , local supermarket ( 4 Square ) , a campground , a few cafes and a garage . The geographic centre of New Zealand is located close to Tapawera , in the nearby Spooner Hills .", "New Zealand 's South Island"]
['tapawera', 'located', 'tapawera', "Tapawera is a small town in New Zealand 's South Island . It is located 30 kilometres southwest of Nelson by the banks of the Motueka River . The population including the surrounding area was 405 in the 2006 Census , an increase of 21 from 2001 . The town is a gateway to the Kahurangi National Park . It contains a school ( Tapawera Area School ) , local supermarket ( 4 Square ) , a campground , a few cafes and a garage . The geographic centre of New Zealand is located close to Tapawera , in the nearby Spooner Hills .", "New Zealand 's South Island"]
['tapawera', 'where is', "new zealand 's south island", "New Zealand is an island nation in the southwestern Pacific Ocean . The country geographically comprises two main landmassesthat of the North Island , or Te Ika-a-Mui , and the South Island , or Te Waipounamuand numerous smaller islands . New Zealand is situated some east of Australia across the Tasman Sea and roughly south of the Pacific island areas of New Caledonia , Fiji , and Tonga . Because of its remoteness , it was one of the last lands to be settled by humans . During its long period of isolation , New Zealand developed a distinct biodiversity of animal , fungal and plant life . The country 's varied topography and its sharp mountain peaks , such as the Southern Alps , owe much to the tectonic uplift of land and volcanic eruptions . New Zealand 's capital city is Wellington , while its most populous city is Auckland .", 'Pacific island areas of New Caledonia , Fiji']
['tapawera', 'where is', 'pacific island areas of new caledonia , fiji', "Fiji ( ( ) , officially the Republic of Fiji , is an island country in Melanesia in the South Pacific Ocean about northeast of New Zealand 's North Island . Its closest neighbours are Vanuatu to the west , New Caledonia to the southwest , New Zealand 's Kermadec Islands to the southeast , Tonga to the east , the Samoas and France 's Wallis and Futuna to the northeast , and Tuvalu to the north .", 'Melanesia in the South Pacific Ocean']
['tapawera', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'melanesia in the south pacific ocean', "The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the Earth 's oceanic divisions . It extends from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Southern Ocean ( or , depending on definition , to Antarctica ) in the south and is bounded by Asia and Australia in the west and the Americas in the east .", 'Southern Ocean']
['tapawera', 'located', 'southern ocean', "The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the Earth 's oceanic divisions . It extends from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Southern Ocean ( or , depending on definition , to Antarctica ) in the south and is bounded by Asia and Australia in the west and the Americas in the east .", 'Antarctica']
['tapawera', 'where is', 'antarctica', "The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the Earth 's oceanic divisions . It extends from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Southern Ocean ( or , depending on definition , to Antarctica ) in the south and is bounded by Asia and Australia in the west and the Americas in the east .", 'Arctic Ocean in the north to the Southern Ocean']
['tapawera', 'municipality of', 'arctic ocean in the north to the southern ocean', "The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the Earth 's oceanic divisions . It extends from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Southern Ocean ( or , depending on definition , to Antarctica ) in the south and is bounded by Asia and Australia in the west and the Americas in the east .", 'Antarctica ) in the south']
['tapawera', 'municipality of', 'antarctica ) in the south', "The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the Earth 's oceanic divisions . It extends from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Southern Ocean ( or , depending on definition , to Antarctica ) in the south and is bounded by Asia and Australia in the west and the Americas in the east .", 'the north to the Southern Ocean']
['tapawera', 'where is', 'the north to the southern ocean', "The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the Earth 's oceanic divisions . It extends from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Southern Ocean ( or , depending on definition , to Antarctica ) in the south and is bounded by Asia and Australia in the west and the Americas in the east .", 'Arctic Ocean']
['tapawera', 'municipality of', 'arctic ocean', "The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the Earth 's oceanic divisions . It extends from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Southern Ocean ( or , depending on definition , to Antarctica ) in the south and is bounded by Asia and Australia in the west and the Americas in the east .", 'Southern Ocean']
['tapawera', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'southern ocean', "The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the Earth 's oceanic divisions . It extends from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Southern Ocean ( or , depending on definition , to Antarctica ) in the south and is bounded by Asia and Australia in the west and the Americas in the east .", 'south']
['tapawera', 'where is', 'south', "The South Island or Te Waipounamu ( `` Mori '' ) is the larger of the two major islands of New Zealand , the other being the smaller but more populous North Island . It is bordered to the north by Cook Strait , to the west by the Tasman Sea , and to the south and east by the Pacific Ocean . The South Island covers and is influenced by a temperate climate .", 'Pacific Ocean']
['tapawera', 'where is', 'pacific ocean', "The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the Earth 's oceanic divisions . It extends from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Southern Ocean ( or , depending on definition , to Antarctica ) in the south and is bounded by Asia and Australia in the west and the Americas in the east .", 'Arctic Ocean']
['tapawera', 'municipality of', 'arctic ocean', "Tonga ( or ; Tongan : `` Puleanga Fakatui o Tonga '' ) , officially the Kingdom of Tonga , is a Polynesian sovereign state and archipelago comprising 169 islands of which 36 are inhabited . The total surface area is about scattered over of the southern Pacific Ocean . It has a population of 103,000 people of whom 70 % reside on the main island of Tongatapu .", 'Pacific Ocean']
['tapawera', 'where is', 'pacific ocean', 'Cook Strait lies between the North and South Islands of New Zealand . It connects the Tasman Sea on the northwest with the South Pacific Ocean on the southeast , and runs next to the capital city , Wellington . It is wide at its narrowest point , and is considered one of the most dangerous and unpredictable waters in the world .', 'southeast']
['tapawera', 'where is', 'southeast', 'Cook Strait lies between the North and South Islands of New Zealand . It connects the Tasman Sea on the northwest with the South Pacific Ocean on the southeast , and runs next to the capital city , Wellington . It is wide at its narrowest point , and is considered one of the most dangerous and unpredictable waters in the world .', 'South Pacific Ocean']
['tapawera', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'south pacific ocean', "The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the Earth 's oceanic divisions . It extends from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Southern Ocean ( or , depending on definition , to Antarctica ) in the south and is bounded by Asia and Australia in the west and the Americas in the east .", 'Southern Ocean']
['tapawera', 'municipality of', 'southern ocean', "The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the Earth 's oceanic divisions . It extends from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Southern Ocean ( or , depending on definition , to Antarctica ) in the south and is bounded by Asia and Australia in the west and the Americas in the east .", 'Arctic Ocean']
['tapawera', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'arctic ocean', "The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the Earth 's oceanic divisions . It extends from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Southern Ocean ( or , depending on definition , to Antarctica ) in the south and is bounded by Asia and Australia in the west and the Americas in the east .", 'Southern Ocean']
['tapawera', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'southern ocean', "Tonga ( or ; Tongan : `` Puleanga Fakatui o Tonga '' ) , officially the Kingdom of Tonga , is a Polynesian sovereign state and archipelago comprising 169 islands of which 36 are inhabited . The total surface area is about scattered over of the southern Pacific Ocean . It has a population of 103,000 people of whom 70 % reside on the main island of Tongatapu .", 'Pacific']
['tapawera', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'pacific', "Kahurangi National Park is a national park in the northwest of the South Island of New Zealand , ranging to near Golden Bay in north . It was gazetted in 1996 and covers . It is the second largest of New Zealand 's fourteen national parks . It was formed from what was called the North-west Nelson Forest Park .", 'fourteen national parks']
['tapawera', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'fourteen national parks', "Kahurangi National Park is a national park in the northwest of the South Island of New Zealand , ranging to near Golden Bay in north . It was gazetted in 1996 and covers . It is the second largest of New Zealand 's fourteen national parks . It was formed from what was called the North-west Nelson Forest Park .", 'second largest']
['tapawera', 'municipality of', 'second largest', 'The town of Motueka in the South Island of New Zealand lies close to the mouth of the Motueka River , on the western shore of Tasman Bay . It is , after Richmond , the second largest centre in the Tasman Region , with a population of 7125 ( 2006 census ) . The Motueka Ward had an estimated population of 10,900 at 30 June 2009 .', 'Richmond , the second largest centre in the Tasman Region']
['tapawera', 'located', 'richmond , the second largest centre in the tasman region', 'The town of Motueka in the South Island of New Zealand lies close to the mouth of the Motueka River , on the western shore of Tasman Bay . It is , after Richmond , the second largest centre in the Tasman Region , with a population of 7125 ( 2006 census ) . The Motueka Ward had an estimated population of 10,900 at 30 June 2009 .', 'Motueka']
['tapawera', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'motueka', 'The town of Motueka in the South Island of New Zealand lies close to the mouth of the Motueka River , on the western shore of Tasman Bay . It is , after Richmond , the second largest centre in the Tasman Region , with a population of 7125 ( 2006 census ) . The Motueka Ward had an estimated population of 10,900 at 30 June 2009 .', 'mouth of the Motueka River']
['wressle castle', 'where is', 'wressle castle', "Wressle Castle was a quadrangular castle originally built for Thomas Percy in around 1380 . After the death of Henry Hotspur after the Battle of Shrewsbury in 1403 ownership of the castle passed to the crown , then to John of Lancaster , 1st Duke of Bedford . In 1457 Thomas Percy , 1st Baron Egremont obtained the lordship and castle of Wressle for his lifetime . Subsequently the castle then passing to the Earls of Northumberland until Josceline Percy , 11th Earl of Northumberland ( d.1670 without male heirs ) . The castle then passed to Charles Seymour , 6th Duke of Somerset by his marriage to Josceline Percy 's daughter Elizabeth Seymour , Duchess of Somerset . The castle was visited by Leland in the 16th century , and described in his itinerary : The basse courte ( literal ' farm yard ' , outer court or bailey ) was mostly of timber , with a moat on three sides , the fourth side had the castle 's entrance . The castelle ( main castle ) was of stone , much of which was thought at the time to have been brought from France , with five towers ; four at the corners of similar size with four stories , and the fifth over the gatehouse with five stories ; at the time ( 1530s ) the castle was in good condition . The moated gardens include opere topiario ( topiary ) in spiral shapes . The castle was garrisoned by parliamentarians during the English Civil War during which time it was badly damaged . Subsequently the castle was slighted by order of parliament ( 1650 ) with three sides torn down , and all battlements removed . The castle was later used as a farm house until 19 February 1796 when a fire broke out , caused by the deliberate starting of a chimney fire in order to clear the chimney of soot , resulting in the gutting of the building . Wressle Castle is now a Grade I listed ruin and a scheduled monument . Remains include earthworks indicating the moat , and some parts of the castle : the remains of the two towers of the south range ; and a building fragment , thought to have been a bakehouse .", 'Wressle Castle was a quadrangular castle originally built for Thomas Percy']
['wressle castle', 'located', 'wressle castle', "Wressle Castle was a quadrangular castle originally built for Thomas Percy in around 1380 . After the death of Henry Hotspur after the Battle of Shrewsbury in 1403 ownership of the castle passed to the crown , then to John of Lancaster , 1st Duke of Bedford . In 1457 Thomas Percy , 1st Baron Egremont obtained the lordship and castle of Wressle for his lifetime . Subsequently the castle then passing to the Earls of Northumberland until Josceline Percy , 11th Earl of Northumberland ( d.1670 without male heirs ) . The castle then passed to Charles Seymour , 6th Duke of Somerset by his marriage to Josceline Percy 's daughter Elizabeth Seymour , Duchess of Somerset . The castle was visited by Leland in the 16th century , and described in his itinerary : The basse courte ( literal ' farm yard ' , outer court or bailey ) was mostly of timber , with a moat on three sides , the fourth side had the castle 's entrance . The castelle ( main castle ) was of stone , much of which was thought at the time to have been brought from France , with five towers ; four at the corners of similar size with four stories , and the fifth over the gatehouse with five stories ; at the time ( 1530s ) the castle was in good condition . The moated gardens include opere topiario ( topiary ) in spiral shapes . The castle was garrisoned by parliamentarians during the English Civil War during which time it was badly damaged . Subsequently the castle was slighted by order of parliament ( 1650 ) with three sides torn down , and all battlements removed . The castle was later used as a farm house until 19 February 1796 when a fire broke out , caused by the deliberate starting of a chimney fire in order to clear the chimney of soot , resulting in the gutting of the building . Wressle Castle is now a Grade I listed ruin and a scheduled monument . Remains include earthworks indicating the moat , and some parts of the castle : the remains of the two towers of the south range ; and a building fragment , thought to have been a bakehouse .", 'Wressle Castle was a quadrangular castle originally built for Thomas Percy']
['wressle castle', 'where is', 'wressle castle was a quadrangular castle originally built for thomas percy', "Wressle Castle was a quadrangular castle originally built for Thomas Percy in around 1380 . After the death of Henry Hotspur after the Battle of Shrewsbury in 1403 ownership of the castle passed to the crown , then to John of Lancaster , 1st Duke of Bedford . In 1457 Thomas Percy , 1st Baron Egremont obtained the lordship and castle of Wressle for his lifetime . Subsequently the castle then passing to the Earls of Northumberland until Josceline Percy , 11th Earl of Northumberland ( d.1670 without male heirs ) . The castle then passed to Charles Seymour , 6th Duke of Somerset by his marriage to Josceline Percy 's daughter Elizabeth Seymour , Duchess of Somerset . The castle was visited by Leland in the 16th century , and described in his itinerary : The basse courte ( literal ' farm yard ' , outer court or bailey ) was mostly of timber , with a moat on three sides , the fourth side had the castle 's entrance . The castelle ( main castle ) was of stone , much of which was thought at the time to have been brought from France , with five towers ; four at the corners of similar size with four stories , and the fifth over the gatehouse with five stories ; at the time ( 1530s ) the castle was in good condition . The moated gardens include opere topiario ( topiary ) in spiral shapes . The castle was garrisoned by parliamentarians during the English Civil War during which time it was badly damaged . Subsequently the castle was slighted by order of parliament ( 1650 ) with three sides torn down , and all battlements removed . The castle was later used as a farm house until 19 February 1796 when a fire broke out , caused by the deliberate starting of a chimney fire in order to clear the chimney of soot , resulting in the gutting of the building . Wressle Castle is now a Grade I listed ruin and a scheduled monument . Remains include earthworks indicating the moat , and some parts of the castle : the remains of the two towers of the south range ; and a building fragment , thought to have been a bakehouse .", 'Wressle Castle']
['wressle castle', 'located', 'wressle castle', 'A gatehouse , in architectural terminology , is a building enclosing or accompanying a gateway for a castle , manor house , fort , town or similar buildings of importance .', 'gatehouse']
['wressle castle', 'where is', 'gatehouse', 'A gatehouse , in architectural terminology , is a building enclosing or accompanying a gateway for a castle , manor house , fort , town or similar buildings of importance .', 'in architectural terminology , is a building enclosing']
['wressle castle', 'located', 'in architectural terminology , is a building enclosing', 'A gatehouse , in architectural terminology , is a building enclosing or accompanying a gateway for a castle , manor house , fort , town or similar buildings of importance .', 'gatehouse']
['wressle castle', 'located', 'gatehouse', 'A gatehouse , in architectural terminology , is a building enclosing or accompanying a gateway for a castle , manor house , fort , town or similar buildings of importance .', 'architectural terminology']
['wressle castle', 'where is', 'architectural terminology', 'A gatehouse , in architectural terminology , is a building enclosing or accompanying a gateway for a castle , manor house , fort , town or similar buildings of importance .', 'A gatehouse']
['wressle castle', 'located', 'a gatehouse', 'A gatehouse , in architectural terminology , is a building enclosing or accompanying a gateway for a castle , manor house , fort , town or similar buildings of importance .', 'architectural terminology']
['wressle castle', 'where is', 'architectural terminology', 'Worcester is a city in Worcestershire , England , southwest of Birmingham and north of Gloucester . The population is approximately 100,000 . The River Severn flanks the western side of the city centre , which is overlooked by the 12th-century Worcester Cathedral .', 'The River Severn']
['wressle castle', 'located', 'the river severn', 'Worcester is a city in Worcestershire , England , southwest of Birmingham and north of Gloucester . The population is approximately 100,000 . The River Severn flanks the western side of the city centre , which is overlooked by the 12th-century Worcester Cathedral .', 'The River Severn flanks the western side of the city centre']
['wressle castle', 'where is', 'the river severn flanks the western side of the city centre', 'Worcester is a city in Worcestershire , England , southwest of Birmingham and north of Gloucester . The population is approximately 100,000 . The River Severn flanks the western side of the city centre , which is overlooked by the 12th-century Worcester Cathedral .', 'Worcester']
['wressle castle', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'worcester', 'Worcester is a city in Worcestershire , England , southwest of Birmingham and north of Gloucester . The population is approximately 100,000 . The River Severn flanks the western side of the city centre , which is overlooked by the 12th-century Worcester Cathedral .', 'The River Severn']
['wressle castle', 'where is', 'the river severn', 'Worcester is a city in Worcestershire , England , southwest of Birmingham and north of Gloucester . The population is approximately 100,000 . The River Severn flanks the western side of the city centre , which is overlooked by the 12th-century Worcester Cathedral .', 'western side of the city centre']
['wressle castle', 'where is', 'western side of the city centre', 'Worcester is a city in Worcestershire , England , southwest of Birmingham and north of Gloucester . The population is approximately 100,000 . The River Severn flanks the western side of the city centre , which is overlooked by the 12th-century Worcester Cathedral .', 'The River Severn']
['wressle castle', 'located', 'the river severn', "Wressle ( with spelling variations of `` Wressell '' , and `` Wressel '' , in Leland 's 'Itinary ' `` Wreshil '' , in the `` Domesday Book '' `` Weresa '' ) is a village and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England , lying on the eastern bank of the River Derwent approximately north-west of Howden .", 'River Derwent']
['wressle castle', 'located', 'river derwent', "Wressle ( with spelling variations of `` Wressell '' , and `` Wressel '' , in Leland 's 'Itinary ' `` Wreshil '' , in the `` Domesday Book '' `` Weresa '' ) is a village and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England , lying on the eastern bank of the River Derwent approximately north-west of Howden .", 'River Derwent approximately north-west of Howden']
['wressle castle', 'located', 'river derwent approximately north-west of howden', "Wressle ( with spelling variations of `` Wressell '' , and `` Wressel '' , in Leland 's 'Itinary ' `` Wreshil '' , in the `` Domesday Book '' `` Weresa '' ) is a village and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England , lying on the eastern bank of the River Derwent approximately north-west of Howden .", 'north-west']
['wressle castle', 'municipality of', 'north-west', "Wressle ( with spelling variations of `` Wressell '' , and `` Wressel '' , in Leland 's 'Itinary ' `` Wreshil '' , in the `` Domesday Book '' `` Weresa '' ) is a village and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England , lying on the eastern bank of the River Derwent approximately north-west of Howden .", 'Wressle']
['wressle castle', 'where is', 'wressle', "Wressle ( with spelling variations of `` Wressell '' , and `` Wressel '' , in Leland 's 'Itinary ' `` Wreshil '' , in the `` Domesday Book '' `` Weresa '' ) is a village and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England , lying on the eastern bank of the River Derwent approximately north-west of Howden .", 'East Riding of Yorkshire , England']
['wressle castle', 'where is', 'east riding of yorkshire , england', 'The East Riding of Yorkshire , or simply East Yorkshire , is a ceremonial county of England . It is located in the region of Yorkshire and the Humber . The East Riding of Yorkshire may also refer to a local government district with unitary authority status , which does not include the city of Kingston upon Hull , the largest settlement in the ceremonial county , which is a separate unitary authority . The modern East Riding of Yorkshire ( both ceremonial county and unitary authority ) , was formed in 1996 from the northern part of the non-metropolitan county of Humberside .', 'Yorkshire and the Humber']
['wressle castle', 'located', 'yorkshire and the humber', 'The East Riding of Yorkshire , or simply East Yorkshire , is a ceremonial county of England . It is located in the region of Yorkshire and the Humber . The East Riding of Yorkshire may also refer to a local government district with unitary authority status , which does not include the city of Kingston upon Hull , the largest settlement in the ceremonial county , which is a separate unitary authority . The modern East Riding of Yorkshire ( both ceremonial county and unitary authority ) , was formed in 1996 from the northern part of the non-metropolitan county of Humberside .', 'region of Yorkshire']
['wressle castle', 'located', 'region of yorkshire', 'The East Riding of Yorkshire , or simply East Yorkshire , is a ceremonial county of England . It is located in the region of Yorkshire and the Humber . The East Riding of Yorkshire may also refer to a local government district with unitary authority status , which does not include the city of Kingston upon Hull , the largest settlement in the ceremonial county , which is a separate unitary authority . The modern East Riding of Yorkshire ( both ceremonial county and unitary authority ) , was formed in 1996 from the northern part of the non-metropolitan county of Humberside .', 'Yorkshire']
['wressle castle', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'yorkshire', 'The East Riding of Yorkshire , or simply East Yorkshire , is a ceremonial county of England . It is located in the region of Yorkshire and the Humber . The East Riding of Yorkshire may also refer to a local government district with unitary authority status , which does not include the city of Kingston upon Hull , the largest settlement in the ceremonial county , which is a separate unitary authority . The modern East Riding of Yorkshire ( both ceremonial county and unitary authority ) , was formed in 1996 from the northern part of the non-metropolitan county of Humberside .', 'East Yorkshire']
['wressle castle', 'where is', 'east yorkshire', 'The East Riding of Yorkshire , or simply East Yorkshire , is a ceremonial county of England . It is located in the region of Yorkshire and the Humber . The East Riding of Yorkshire may also refer to a local government district with unitary authority status , which does not include the city of Kingston upon Hull , the largest settlement in the ceremonial county , which is a separate unitary authority . The modern East Riding of Yorkshire ( both ceremonial county and unitary authority ) , was formed in 1996 from the northern part of the non-metropolitan county of Humberside .', 'Yorkshire and the Humber']
['wressle castle', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'yorkshire and the humber', 'The East Riding of Yorkshire , or simply East Yorkshire , is a ceremonial county of England . It is located in the region of Yorkshire and the Humber . The East Riding of Yorkshire may also refer to a local government district with unitary authority status , which does not include the city of Kingston upon Hull , the largest settlement in the ceremonial county , which is a separate unitary authority . The modern East Riding of Yorkshire ( both ceremonial county and unitary authority ) , was formed in 1996 from the northern part of the non-metropolitan county of Humberside .', 'East Yorkshire']
['brederode castle', 'where is', 'brederode castle', 'Brederode Castle ( Dutch : Kasteel Brederode ) , also called the Ruins of Brederode ( Dutch : Ruïne van Brederode ) , is located near Santpoort - Zuid . The castle was founded in the second half of the 13th century by William I van Brederode ( 1215 -- 1285 ) . William was a descendant of the lords van Teylingen , who were related to the counts of Holland . The castle formed part of the high lordship Brederode , which had been given in loan in the 13th century to the lords of Brederode by the count of Holland . The name Brederode is a reference to a wooded area called Brede Roede ( literally : broad wood ) , that was cleared and on which the castle was built . The castle was at first not more than a tower , but around 1300 Dirk II van Brederode had the tower pulled down and replaced with a proper castle .', 'near Santpoort - Zuid']
['brederode castle', 'located', 'brederode castle', 'Brederode Castle ( Dutch : Kasteel Brederode ) , also called the Ruins of Brederode ( Dutch : Ruïne van Brederode ) , is located near Santpoort - Zuid . The castle was founded in the second half of the 13th century by William I van Brederode ( 1215 -- 1285 ) . William was a descendant of the lords van Teylingen , who were related to the counts of Holland . The castle formed part of the high lordship Brederode , which had been given in loan in the 13th century to the lords of Brederode by the count of Holland . The name Brederode is a reference to a wooded area called Brede Roede ( literally : broad wood ) , that was cleared and on which the castle was built . The castle was at first not more than a tower , but around 1300 Dirk II van Brederode had the tower pulled down and replaced with a proper castle .', 'Santpoort - Zuid']
['brederode castle', 'located', 'santpoort - zuid', 'Santpoort-Zuid is a village in the Dutch province of North Holland . It is a part of the municipality of Velsen , and lies to the west of North-Haarlem ( Schoten ) . Santpoort-Zuid is bordered by the village of Bloemendaal to the south and the village of Santpoort-Noord to the north . There is a railway station in the village and Amsterdam Centraal can be reached in 26 minutes . En route to Amsterdam Central , the train stops at Bloemendaal , Haarlem , Haarlem-Spaarnwoude ( for IKEA ) , Halfweg-Zwanenburg and Amsterdam Sloterdijk ( change for Schiphol Airport ) . It takes approximately 15 minutes by car to reach either the beach at Bloemendaal aan Zee or Zandvoort . ( North Sea Canal to Amsterdam/Ferry to Newcastle , England ) . A famous historic site in Santpoort-Zuid is the Ruin of Brederode , and the formerly well maintained Natuurbad , Velserend .', 'Bloemendaal']
['brederode castle', 'where is', 'bloemendaal', 'Bloemendaal is a municipality and a town in the Netherlands , in the province of North Holland . Bloemendaal is , together with Wassenaar , the wealthiest place in the Netherlands .', 'Netherlands , in the province of North Holland']
['brederode castle', 'where is', 'netherlands , in the province of north holland', 'Zandvoort is a municipality and a town in the Netherlands , in the province of North Holland .', 'Zandvoort']
['brederode castle', 'municipality of', 'zandvoort', 'Zandvoort is a municipality and a town in the Netherlands , in the province of North Holland .', 'Netherlands , in the province of North Holland']
['brederode castle', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'netherlands , in the province of north holland', 'Zandvoort is a municipality and a town in the Netherlands , in the province of North Holland .', 'Zandvoort']
['brederode castle', 'municipality of', 'zandvoort', 'Santpoort-Noord is a town in the Dutch province of North Holland . It is a part of the municipality of Velsen , and lies about 6 km north of Haarlem .', 'Velsen']
['gaywood', 'where is', 'gaywood', "Gaywood is an upscale subdivision in the Memorial area in West Houston . The area is served by Rummel Creek Elementary , Memorial Middle School , and Stratford High School in the Spring Branch Independent School District . The area , built in the 1960s and 1970s like most Houston suburbs , has become a popular area for new development . Many houses on the Memorial Drive corridor are one story homes , but the neighborhood has seen a significant jump in two - story houses . One of Gaywood 's more prominent residents is David Morris , an attorney and GLBT activist . The neighborhood stretches from Memorial Drive southward to the Buffalo Bayou .", 'the Memorial area in West Houston']
['gaywood', 'what kind of socks does wear', 'gaywood', "Gaywood is an upscale subdivision in the Memorial area in West Houston . The area is served by Rummel Creek Elementary , Memorial Middle School , and Stratford High School in the Spring Branch Independent School District . The area , built in the 1960s and 1970s like most Houston suburbs , has become a popular area for new development . Many houses on the Memorial Drive corridor are one story homes , but the neighborhood has seen a significant jump in two - story houses . One of Gaywood 's more prominent residents is David Morris , an attorney and GLBT activist . The neighborhood stretches from Memorial Drive southward to the Buffalo Bayou .", 'upscale subdivision']
['gaywood', 'located', 'upscale subdivision', "Gaywood is an upscale subdivision in the Memorial area in West Houston . The area is served by Rummel Creek Elementary , Memorial Middle School , and Stratford High School in the Spring Branch Independent School District . The area , built in the 1960s and 1970s like most Houston suburbs , has become a popular area for new development . Many houses on the Memorial Drive corridor are one story homes , but the neighborhood has seen a significant jump in two - story houses . One of Gaywood 's more prominent residents is David Morris , an attorney and GLBT activist . The neighborhood stretches from Memorial Drive southward to the Buffalo Bayou .", 'Memorial area in West Houston']
['gaywood', 'where is', 'memorial area in west houston', "Gaywood is an upscale subdivision in the Memorial area in West Houston . The area is served by Rummel Creek Elementary , Memorial Middle School , and Stratford High School in the Spring Branch Independent School District . The area , built in the 1960s and 1970s like most Houston suburbs , has become a popular area for new development . Many houses on the Memorial Drive corridor are one story homes , but the neighborhood has seen a significant jump in two - story houses . One of Gaywood 's more prominent residents is David Morris , an attorney and GLBT activist . The neighborhood stretches from Memorial Drive southward to the Buffalo Bayou .", 'West Houston']
['gaywood', 'located', 'west houston', "HoustonThe WoodlandsSugar Land is a nine-county metropolitan area defined by the Office of Management and Budget . It is located along the Gulf Coast region in the U.S . state of Texas . The metropolitan area is colloquially referred to as `` Greater Houston '' and is situated in .", 'Texas']
